MMIC Solutions
	Developer of technology for systems operating in the millimeter wave bands (50 GHz to 250 GHz). The company develops, manufactures and supplies products for use in security, detection and high-bandwidth communication equipment. The company\'s products include mechanical interfaces, direct detection receivers and "conncetorized" modules.
	['', 'advanced materials', ' ', 'wave applications', ' down-convertor bandwidth ', 'wave bands', '']
NOXA Holdings
	Manufacturer of satellite GPS asset-tracking and messaging products. The company\'s products include SMARTONE that is used to track assets specific needs and provide intermediate and emergency alerts by email and/or text or cellular; AXTracker STX2 Satellite Transmitter, an industrial-use satellite transmitter; AXTracker MMT, a wireless device with multiple sensors and Globalstar Satellite System, a constellation of low earth-orbiting satellites that relay messages to ground stations to provide GPS location data.
	['', 'gps tracker', ' ', 'satellite gps', ' ', 'tracking device', ' ', 'messaging product', ' ', 'email alert', ' ', 'satellite transmitter', ' ', 'wireless device', ' ', 'satellite system', '']
VCON Video Conferencing
	Provider of video-conferencing systems and products. The company offers standards-based systems and infrastructure, which are operated over a variety of networks. The company sells internationally through a global distribution network to business enterprises, government agencies, financial institutions, broadcasters, universities and colleges, distance learning companies, health-care organizations, and satellite companies.
	['', 'videoconferencing products', '  videoconferencing']
Elonics
	Developer of radio tuner chip technologies. The company offers radio tuner chip technologies that can be configured to support different standards and frequencies for use in set-top box receivers, PCs and other applications.
	['', 'radio tuner', ' ', 'tuner chip', ' ', 'set-top box', ' radio']
Hughes Network Systems
	Provider of broadband satellite networks and services to large enterprises, governments, small businesses, and consumers. The company offers satellite based communications services and equipment that utilize very small aperture terminals (VSATs) to distribute signals via satellite. It also offers satellite-based enterprise and consumer networks, mobile satellite networks and terminals, and broadband LMDS point-to-multipoint systems.
	['', 'broadband satellite', ' ', 'satellite network', ' ', 'communications service', '']
NordNav Technologies
	Developer of Global Navigation Satellite System receivers.
	['', 'Global Navigation', ' ', 'Navigation Satellite', ' ', 'Satellite System', ' ', 'satellite receivers', ' ', 'navigation system', ' GPS ', 'galileo navigation', '']
Nokia gate5
	Developer of location based information technology on mobile devices. The company provides a platform for mapping, route planning, content management and personal navigation. Its products include smart2go, a client side global map and search application for GPS-equipped mobile handsets and OEM navigation software for PNDs and PDAs.
	['', 'location based', ' ', 'information technology', ' ', 'navigation software', '']
SkyWave Mobile Communications
	Provider of satellite communication and airtime services. The company provides satellite and satellite-cellular terminals, applications, network and professional services for mobile and fixed remote industrial tracking, monitoring, control and management.
	['', 'satellite communication', ' ', 'satellite-cellular terminal', ' ', 'remote industrial tracking', '']
Locationary
	Provider of a global clearinghouse for local data in mobile, web search, profile publisher, managers and navigation applications. The company provides it\'s services for local business data fragmentation, accuracy and universal broadcast update challenges.
	['', 'global clearinghouse', ' ', 'data fragmentation', ' ', 'statistics analysis', ' ', 'business data', '']
