Shiva
	Provider of remote access for business. The company connects employees, customers and partners securely to business networks with integrated telephone network and internet based solutions.
	['', 'remote access technology', ' telecommuters ', 'Internet service providers', '']
BrowserCam
	Provider of screen capture and remote access services for Web developers and QA engineers. The company provides screen capture service that captures and displays in up to three PDA formats. It provides remote access service for testing mouseovers, javascript, forms, dynamic layouts, cascading style sheets and other platform dependent functionality. It also provides private virtual work spaces.
	['', 'remote access', ' ', 'screen capture service', ' ', 'virtual work space', ' ', 'testing mouseover', ' javascript ', 'email capture', '']
Whale Communications
	Provider of access products, including secure sockets layer virtual private networks, and Web application firewalls, as well as application security, and endpoint security offerings. The company\'s solutions provide remote access, content inspection, and granular access control. It enables businesses to protect corporate applications and data when accessed remotely by mobile workers, partners, and customers.
	['', 'socket layer', ' ', 'virtual private network', ' ', 'web application', ' ', 'content inspection', '']
MagniFire Websystems
	Provider of comprehensive web infrastructure security solutions. The company develops products that enables businesses to protect their most critical data, applications and customer relationships with a low total cost of ownership.
	['']
AEP Networks
	Developer of security and communications technologies to governments, enterprises and carriers in the United Kingdom and internationally. The company\'s products include Series A Secure Application Access, which is available as hardware or virtual appliance that enables secure web browser access to a range of business applications, Series E IPSec VPN Encryptor, an independently assured encryptor that protects IP traffic across networks, Series K Hardware Security Module, a hardware security module designed to generate, store and protect cryptographic keys for mission critical applications that demand maximum security and Series V Managing, a heterogeneous network that is used by armies and other agencies that require fast, reliable and secure deployable communications.
	['', 'security application', ' ', 'communication technology', ' ', 'IP traffic', ' ', 'hardware appliance', '']
Senforce Technologies
	Provider of endpoint security solutions to the endpoint security enforcement market.
	['', 'personal firewall', ' ', 'endpoint security', ' ', 'security solution', '']
GoRemote Internet Communications
	Provider of secure remote access solutions, enabling customers to achieve network security, while reducing capital and operating expenses associated with their mobile and remote workforces. The company provides a portfolio of managed remote access solutions for mobile office, teleworker/home offices, and branch office/retail environments.
	['broadband ', 'network security', ' ', 'access solutions', ' ', 'mobile office', '']
Aventail
	Provider of secure sockets layer virtual private network remote access technology. The company provides secure sockets layer virtual private networks (SSL VPN) appliances.
	['', 'virtual private network', ' ', 'secure socker layer', ' ', 'remote access', '']
