EA Technology Ventures
	Provider of power asset management services. The company invests and works with new ventures across a wide range of traditional and emerging energy related sectors including energy efficiency, smart grid and new energy distribution and storage technologies.
	['', 'investment vehicle', ' ', 'smart grid', ' energy']
Blue Box Group
	Provider of cloud hosting and managed services. The company provides a managed and automated application infrastructure that enables customers to focus their energy on building and improving their web applications.
	['', 'cloud hosting service', ' ', 'application infrastructure', ' ', 'web application', '']
eQuilibrium Solutions
	Developer of energy management software.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'energy software', '']
BuildingIQ
	Provider of an energy management software. The company\'s software platform forecasts energy demand and automatically adjusts a building’s HVAC settings to optimize energy use.
	['', 'energy management', '  ', 'building energy management', ' ', 'energy efficiency', '']
Nanox
	Developer of nanostructured perovskite-based catalyst formulations for emission control and alternative energy applications. The company offers products for diesel oxidation catalysts and particulate control, oxidation of carbon monoxide, volatile organic compounds oxidation and physico-chemical data applications.
	['', 'emission control', ' oxidation energy']
Orecon
	Producer of wave energy devices. The company specializes in providing water column technologies for wave energy applications
	['', 'wave energy', ' ', 'water column', ' ', 'marine environment', ' ', 'wave energy conversion applications', ' ', 'multi resonant chambers ', '']
JouleX
	Provider of energy management systems for data centers and enterprise networks. The company\'s main product is JouleX Energy Manager, a solution that monitors, analyzes and manages the energy usage of network-connected devices and systems in the enterprise network, data center and related facilities. Its software solution monitors, analyzes and manages PCs, servers, VoIP phones and devices, printers, network switching devices, IP power switches, and HVAC systems.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'sustainable energy', ' ', 'energy usage reduction', '']
P21
	Providers of autonomous energy supply and energy-efficient solutions, with the aim of replacing diesel generators with zero-emission products. The company provides services in energy efficiency and monitoring, solutions for supplying electricity to off-grid applications such as monitoring stations, telecommunications facilities or self-sufficient houses; and providing education and research programs for fuel-cell and solar-hydrogen technology.
	['energy-management ', 'energy consumption', ' ', 'hydrogen fuel cell system', ' ', 'climate reading', ' ', 'CO2 balance', '']
Gen110
	Provider of alternative way for heavy energy users to purchase residential power. The company provides customers with generators for no installation or upgradation fees, then customers pay for the electricity at a guaranteed rate.
	['', 'residential power', ' ', 'energy user', ' ', 'utility rate', ' ', 'distributed energy', '']
Alektrona
	Provider of hardware and software services for advanced metering infrastructure, demand side management and other energy-related applications. The company specializes in unifying open-standards products within energy management systems, enabling smart grid companies to better serve their customers energy needs
	['', 'broadband energy management', ' ', 'hardware solution', ' ', 'software solution', ' ', 'advanced metering infrastructure', ' ', 'energy management device', ' ', 'demand side management', ' ', 'energy-related application', ' ', 'energy network appliance', ' ', 'advanced metering system', '']
Enersciences Holdings
	Developer of energy products and services for the energy industry. The company develops energy technologies like drilling, fracturing and gas-to-liquid processing to help customers in their operations in the energy industry, while maintaining safety and environmental integrity.
	['', 'energy products', ' ', 'energy technologies', ' ', 'environment integrity', '']
Bionersis
	Operator of renewable energy services. The company engaged in conception, financing, installation, and the operation of landfill biogas units. It also helps in reduction of greenhouse gases effects.
	['', 'renewable energy', ' ', 'landfill biogas', ' greenhouse']
Enermetrix
	Provider of real- time transaction - processing environment in which utilities, traders and marketers, service companies, commercial and industrial users buy and sell energy. The company provide internet commerce system that allows energy consumers, energy suppliers and utilities to share information.
	['', 'online energy trading', ' ', 'energy markets', ' ', 'energy sellers', ' ', 'energy buyers', ' ', 'energy software solutions', '']
Navita Systems
	Provider of decision-support technology for transaction and risk management in the energy market. The company has developed a software product offering an overview of the opportunities and risks in energy trading, as well as decision-support systems for physical and financial trading in the energy sector.
	['', 'decision support systems', ' ', 'risk management', ' ', 'energy trading', '']
Grupo Guascor
	Provider of energy solutions based on renewable energy. The company develops and manufactures technologies to harness energy from renewable sources such as wind, solar, bio-energy and hydel power. The company focuses on production of cells, modules and other components, offering turnkey market as well as the promotion, operation and maintenance of residential and industrial energy facilities.
	['', 'energy solutions', ' ', 'bio-energy', ' ', 'renewable energy', ' ', 'photovoltaic systems', ' ', 'turnkey projects', '']
Datapult
	Provider of enterprise energy management (EEM) services. The company provide web-based applications that are used to collect and analyze energy usage information, monitor power quality, engage in load management, conduct rate modeling and tariff comparisons, and dispatch distributed generation capabilities.
	['', 'enterprise management', ' ', 'web based application', ' ', 'power quality', ' ', 'load management', ' ', 'rate modeling', ' ', 'tariff comparison', '']
Fat Spaniel Technologies
	Provider of monitoring and reporting services for the renewable energy industry. The company also provides lifecycle management services. It offers Fat Spaniel Insight Manager, a Web portal for building, sharing and running energy data applications.
	['', 'monitoring service', ' ', 'lifecycle management', ' ', 'energy data application', ' ', 'systems monitoring', '']
Enerwise Global Technologies
	Provider of enterprise energy management solutions as a Web-based hosted software suite for commercial, institutional, and industrial customers to reduce energy consumption. The company also provides demand response, energy analysis, load management, distributed generation, utility allocation, and report generation and energy analytical services.
	['', 'energy management solution', ' ', 'enterprise solution', ' ', 'hosted software', ' ', 'energy analysis', ' ', 'load management', ' ', 'utility allocation', '']
ENEA
	Supplier of energy in Poland. The company engages in electricity generation, distribution and trading and offers energy for home and business.
	['', 'energy supply', ' ', 'electricity generation', ' ', 'electricity distribution', '']
Greenbox Technology
	Provider of Web-based energy management solutions for the utilities and residential energy customers. The company\'s platform enables its customers to track, compare, and manage energy usage, as well as engages them in energy efficiency, demand response, alternative and renewable energy, and carbon reduction activities.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'energy utility', ' ', 'energy usage', ' ', 'energy efficiency', ' ', 'carbon reduction', '']
Yitran Communications
	Provider of powerline communication (PLC) technology for command and control applications. The company\'s technology is used in applications including energy management and demand response, automated meter reading/management (AMM/AMR), home/building automation, switching and lighting, white good appliances, HVAC control, remote meter reading and street light control. It also designs, develops and markets PLC integrated circuits.
	['', 'communication technology', ' ', 'energy management', ' ', 'integrated circuit', '']
Triacta Power Technologies
	Developer of energy management systems. The company develops energy systems which enables firms to reduce energy consumption and energy costs.
	['', 'energy management system', ' ', 'smart submetering', ' ', 'electrical sub metering', '']
