Quality Care Solutions
	Developer of platform software products for the healthcare industry. The company provides healthcare claims administration platforms and consumer-directed health and claims platforms with integrated medical management functions for healthcare payers.
	['', 'healthcare claim', ' ', 'medical bill', ' ', 'healthcare organization', '']
Avicenna Systems
	Operator of an internet based healthcare information company. The company develops intranets for managed health care plans.
	['', 'healthcare information', ' intranets ', 'health care plans', '']
CompassCare
	Provider of cost and treatment delivery management software for the healthcare industry. The company develops software in connection with management of healthcare data.
	['', 'healthcare software', ' ', 'healthcare data solution', ' ', 'data management', '']
Women\'s Capital
	Developer of oral contraceptive product for the female healthcare market. The company is the creator of Plan B, an emergency contraceptive containing the synthetic hormone progestin levonorgestrel.
	['contraceptive ', 'birth control', ' pill ', 'female healthcare', ' hormone progestin']
Bioapter
	Manufacturer of biosensors for the healthcare industry. The company\'s product portfolio includes in situ bio-sensing equipment, aptamers and other DNA sequence identification devices.
	['biosensor ', 'biotechnological equipment', ' aptamers']
Health Market Science
	Provider of data integration and analytic software for the health care industry. The company supplies data on healthcare professionals and operates a practitioner-level medical claims database in the U.S. Its data assets also help its clients deal with government compliance, reduce operational costs and more.
	['', 'federal compliance', ' ', 'healthcare information', ' ', 'federal regulation compliance', ' ', 'customer data validation', '']
Surveylab Group
	Developer of data capture hardware devices for the power and telecommunication industry, military and government organizations. The company offers a handheld data capture device that survey assets in the field and store data about those assets in a map database system. It also develops remote measurement and three dimensional modelling hardware and software systems.
	['', 'data capture device', ' ', 'modelling hardware', ' data storage']
Awarix
	Provider of communications and reporting tools to hospitals. The company\'s technology allow operational and administrative staff quick access to information across the healthcare enterprise.
	['', 'communication reporting', ' ', 'healthcare hospital administration', ' ', 'patient care', '']
Digital Healthcare
	Provider of healthcare information technology. The company provides image management and storage solutions for the Ophthalmology sector with core competencies in clinical information and patient care management.
	['', 'ophthalmology', ' ', 'healthcare technology', '']
DocVue
	Developer of cloud-based consumer engagement software products. The company offers an online technology platform for the consumer healthcare industry that enables patients to interact with their doctors.
	['', 'consumer engagement', ' ', 'consumer healthcare', ' ', 'healthcare consumers', ' ', 'doctor-patient relationship', '']
Applecroft Care Homes
	Provider of old age care facility. The company hosts 75 bed residential care home for the elderly care in Kent.
	['', 'old age care', ' ', 'residential care home', ' ', 'healthcare service', '']
Beijing Neusoft Viewhigh Technology
	Provider of software products and services for healthcare industry. The company develops applications in healthcare business management including business planning and control for healthcare organizations, hospital operation and management, government supervision and financial management.
	['']
CyberPlus
	Provider of controlled medical terminology applications to the healthcare providers. The company provides its users an internet based knowledge management tool to improve the healthcare operations for providers, pharmaceutical concerns and internet healthcare content providers.
	['', 'medical terminology', ' ', 'healthcare industry', ' ', 'internet healthcare', '']
IPC Medical
	Provider of healthcare products and healthcare services. The company provides alternate site health care space for homecare and clinics outside the hospital environment.
	['', 'healthcare product', ' ', 'healthcare service', ' ', 'health care space', '']
Healthcare Data Solutions
	Provider of healthcare data services. The company allows users to license the data they need and send it to communication destination.
	['', 'healthcare data', ' ', 'healthcare information', ' ', 'healthcare provider postal', '']
Agility Healthcare Solutions
	Provider of an automated workflow and resource management solutions to the healthcare industry.
	['', 'resource management', ' ', 'management software', ' ', 'healthcare industry', '']
Point-of-Care Systems
	Operator of healthcare information data capture system. The company captures point-of-care data for the home healthcare industry.
	['', 'Healthcare information data', ' ', 'healthcare industry', '']
CMHC Systems
	Provider of behavioral healthcare information management software. The company delivers full suites of behavioral healthcare information management software for mental health, substance abuse and addiction services agencies, developmental disability centers and behavioral health-related managed care organizations.
	['', 'healthcare information', ' ', 'mental health', '']
