Octagen
	Operator of biopharmaceutical company. The company develops drugs for hemophilia, other genetic disorders and variations of recombinant B domain to avoid inactivation by flying below the radar screen of the immune system.
	['', 'genetic disorder', ' hemophilia ', 'blood clotting', ' therapies']
Zars Pharma
	Developer of topically administered drugs. The company\'s products include Pliaglis, a topical local anesthetic cream that provides local dermal anesthesia on intact skin prior to painful cosmetic procedures, such as dermatologic laser surgery and dermal filler injections; Synera, a topical patch designed to provide local dermal anesthesia for potentially painful superficial procedures, such as venous access procedures involving needles and immunization injections of children; and Flexicaine, which is designed to provide rapid dermal analgesia to affected skin for the treatment of post-herpetic neuralgia.
	['', 'pharmaceutical drug', ' ', 'pain management', ' ', 'anesthetic cream', ' ', 'dermal anesthesia', '  immunization ', 'post-herpetic neuralgia', ' psoriasis ', 'hand dermatitis', ' risperidone']
Tissue Repair Company
	Operator of biopharmaceutical company with a clinical-stage focus on products that promote tissue repair. The company\'s scientific expertise is based on gene therapy, growth factor biology, tissue regeneration and product development.
	['', 'tissue repair', ' ', 'tissue regeneration', ' ', 'gene therapy', '']
Alkermes
	Operator of a biopharmaceutical company. The company develops products based on drug-delivery technologies to enhance therapeutic outcomes in major diseases.
	['', 'drug delivery technology', ' schizophrenia ', 'therapeutic outcomes', '']
ISW Group
	Developer of topical dermatological products. The company\'s product focuses on a medical condition known as \'razor bumps,\' \'shaving bumps,\' or \'ingrown hairs\' where the irritation is caused by an inflammatory reaction in response to a foreign body being embedded into the skin.
	['', 'dermatological products', ' skin papules']
Rose Pharma
	Developer of therapies for irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and functional dyspepsia (FD). The company is focused on novel treatments for IBS and FD, with a platform technology that is based on a glucagon-like peptide (GLP-1).
	['', 'irritable bowel syndrome', ' ', 'functional dyspepsia', ' ', 'peptide hormones', ' ', 'gastrointestinal diseases', '']
Neorphys
	Operator of a biopharmaceutical company focusing on visceral pain management. The company discovered analgesic drug candidate with low side effects, especially on gastrointestinal transit, respiratory depression and addiction.
	['', 'healhcare service', ' ', 'pharmaceutical service', ' ', 'analgesic drug', ' ', 'visceral pain management', '']
Flex Pharma
	Operator of a biopharmaceutical company. The company develops clinically proven products and treatments for muscle cramps and spasms.
	['', 'muscle cramp', ' spasm ', 'neuromuscular disorder', ' program']
Apalexo Biotechnologie
	Operator of a biopharmaceutical company focused on cancer treatment. The company is focused on development of a treatment to eradicate residual tumor cells following conventional cancer therapies.
	['immunotherapeutics cellular']
Penederm
	Developer of products for the treatment of dermatologic disorders based on its topical delivery technology. The company\'s products are Mentax cream for the treatment of fungal infections of the skin such as athlete\'s foot, ringworm and groin fungus and Avita cream for the treatment of acne.
	['', 'dermatologic disorders', ' Mentax ', 'fungal infections', ' ringworm ', 'anti fungus cream', ' acne']
Aclaris Therapeutics
	Developer of topical dermatological therapies. The company is a specialty pharmaceutical company with a mission to develop topically applied therapy directed towards the removal of seborrheic keratosis and other verrucoid lesions of the skin.
	['dermatology ', 'dermatological therapy', ' ', 'topical treatment', ' ', 'skin lesion', '']
Ansata Therapeutics
	Operator of a biopharmaceutical company focused on dermatologic treatments. The company develops peptide-based topical antibiotics for skin issues.
	['', 'peptide-based', ' ', 'antibiotic product', ' ', 'topical medication', ' ', 'skin infection', ' ', 'pharmaceutical product', '']
