LZ Therapeutics
	Developer of therapeutics for patients at different stages of Parkinson’s disease. The company provides neuroprotective/neurorestoritive therapies for early-stage Parkinson’s disease (PD), a combination therapy with levodopa-enhancing and anti-dyskinesia effects designed for mid-stage PD patients and gene therapies for advanced PD patients.
	['', 'parkinson therapeutic', ' ', 'neurorestoritive therapy', ' ', 'anti dyskinesia effect', ' ', 'gene therapy', '']
Satoris
	Provider of molecular diagnostics product meant for the test of Alzheimer\'s disease. The company uses molecular biology and bioinformatics to develop test and treatment meant for Alzheimer\'s disease.
	['', 'medical supplies', ' ', 'drug discovery', '']
Civitas Therapeutics
	Developer of respiratory drug delivery therapies. The company has developed a program in Parkinson’s disease that leverages the ARCUS respiratory delivery platform. CVT-301, Civita\'s other lead program, is being developed for the treatment of debilitating and unpredictable motor fluctuations associated with Parkinson’s disease.
	['biopharmaceutical ', 'pulmonary delivery therapy', ' ', 'pulmonary technology', ' ', 'Parkinson’s disease', ' ', 'respiratory drug delivery', ' ', 'respiratory therapy', ' ', 'pulmonary therapy', '']
Zyentia
	Operator of a biotechnology company focused on treatment of protein-folding disorders. The company researches the molecular determinants underlying protein misfolding, aggregation and deposition in the tissue. The company applies its research to development of therapies for a variety of protein-misfolding disorders, including Type 2 Diabetes, Alzheimer\'s disease and Parkinson disease.
	['', 'molecular determinants', ' ', 'protein misfolding', ' aggregation tissue']
ShockWatch (Equipment Monitoring Division)
	Manufacturer of damage prevention products. The company develops equipment monitoring products to prevent damage.
	['', 'damage prevention product', ' ', 'monitoring equipment', ' ', 'prevention equipment', '']
Afferent Corporation
	Developer of medical devices to treat chronic neurological dysfunction. The company\'s lead technology enhances the function of mechanoreceptor cells involved in sensory perception as a means of restoring brain function following stroke, improving elderly balance and addressing complications resulting from diabetic neuropathy.
	['', 'neurological dysfunction', ' ', 'therapy devices', ' ', 'noninvasive devices', ' neuromodulation']
Ceregene
	Developer of treatments for neurodegenerative disorders. The company is a biotechnology enterprise ocused on the treatment of major neurodegenerative disorders using the delivery of nervous system growth factors. Its clinical programs include CERE-110, an AAV2-based vector expressing nerve growth factor, for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease; and CERE-120, in trials as a treatment for  Parkinson’s disease. The company also has two treatments - CERE-135 and CERE-140 - in preclinical development for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS or Lou Gehrig’s disease) and ocular diseases, respectively.
	['', 'neurotrophic growth treatment', ' ', 'translational medicine', ' ', 'neurodegenerative disorder', ' biopharmaceutical']
Verus Pharmaceuticals
	Provider of solutions for the treatment of asthma, allergies, and related diseases and conditions. The company also offers Twinject, an epinephrine auto-injector for anaphylaxis. It is differentiated by its pediatric orientation and its strong financial position and experienced management team, which allows the company to capitalize on an extensive network to build its product portfolio and pursue complementary transactions.
	['', 'asthma treatment', ' asthma allergies ', 'epi pen', ' epi-pen epipen ', 'epinephrine auto injector', ' ', 'allergy treatment', '']
Cytoguide
	Developer of combined drugs that target receptors on cells in pathological tissues. The company offers drugs that are aimed to improve the treatment of onocyte and macrophage-related diseases including autoimmune disease, leukemia and other infectious diseases.
	['', 'combined drugs', ' pathological ', 'autoimmune disease', '  leukemia']
Galantos Pharma
	Developer of novel drugs for the treatment of Alzheimer‘s Disease and other neurodegenerative diseases. The company is developing Memogain, a derivative  of the plant alkaloid galantamine, for symptomatic and disease-modifying treatment of Alzheimer‘s dementia (AD).
	['', 'novel drugs', ' ', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'cholinergic', 'brain enzymes', ' ', 'Alzheimer‘s Disease', '']
Rinat Neuroscience
	Developer of protein-based therapeutics for the treatment of diseases and disorders of the nervous system. The company is developing neuroscience-based protein therapeutics for pain, Alzheimer\'s disease, obesity and diabetes, and neuropathies. It is also developing novel disease modifying therapies that modulate the function, as well as prevent and reverse the damage to key populations of neurons specifically affected in particular disease states.
	['', 'protein therapeutic', ' ', 'Alzheimer disease', ' ', 'nervous system', ' ', 'biotech community', '']
DiaKine Therapeutics
	Developer of drugs for diabetes and related complications. The company provides oral compounds drug therapies to stop the progression of diabetes and helps to recover damage already caused by the disease.
	['', 'diabetes drug', ' ', 'diabetic treatment', ' ', 'oral compound drug', '']
Apollo BioPharmaceutics
	Developer of drugs that protect brain cells from damage caused by disease, injury and aging. The company\'s target applications include the treatment of Alzheimer\'s disease, Parkinson\'s disease, brain damage resulting from stroke and other age-related diseases and conditions.
	['biotechnology ', 'life science', ' ', "Alzheimer\\'s disease", ' ', "Parkinson\\'s disease", '']
