Infineta Systems
	Developer of network optimization products. The company provides Velocity Dedupe Engine, a hardware deduplication/dedupe engine to identify and remove redundancies in network traffic. It also offers wide area network acceleration solutions, such as data protection for synchronous and asynchronous replication, and network backup; virtual machines (VM) mobility for live migration over distance and VM disk transfers; and big data workflows for scale-out applications and file transfers.
	['', 'network optimization', ' ', 'hardware deduplication', ' ', 'data protection', ' ', 'synchronous replication', ' ', 'asynchronous replication', ' ', 'virtual machine mobility', ' ', 'network backup', '']
Slipstream Data
	Provider of acceleration, compression and network optimization technology for dial, fixed and wireless broadband networks. The company uses its patented technology the SlipStream Acceleration & Optimization Engine to provide web, email and multimedia acceleration solutions.
	['', 'network optimization technology', ' ', 'data compression', ' ', 'broadband networks', ' ', 'SlipStream Acceleration & Optimization Engine', ' ', 'multimedia acceleration', '']
Expand Networks
	Provider of wide area network optimization and application accelerators to enterprises and public sector clients. The company offers a virtual WAN accelerator appliance, a central management software for accelerators and an accelerator operating system.
	['', 'wide area network optimization', ' ', 'application accelerators', ' ', 'management software', '']
Swan Labs
	Provider of enterprise wide area network optimization and application acceleration solutions. The company\'s products include WANJet that accelerates file transfer, email, client-server applications, data replication, and custom applications; Web Accelerator, a Web application acceleration solution for mobile workers, extranet users, and business partners; and SL Appliances, which drives application acceleration solutions that deliver LAN-like performance to application users in various remote locations and enterprise applications on the wide area networks.
	['', 'WAN optimization', ' ', 'application acceleration', ' ', 'file transfer acceleration', ' ', 'client server application', '']
ASPEED Software
	Provider of application acceleration and optimization solutions. The company provides solutions for accelerating applications for multi-core, multi-CPU, cluster and grid configurations.
	['', 'risk management application', ' ', 'application acceleration', ' ', 'application optimization', '']
Sync Research
	Manufacturer and developer of wide-area network (WAN) access and management products. The company manufactures local network protocol converters, device, router, circuit management product and digital transmission device for wide-area network (WAN).
	['', 'wide-area network', ' router ', 'local network protocol', '']
Phurnace Software
	Provider of Java application deployment. The company\'s products include Phurnace Deliver, which eliminates configuration-related errors and reduces dependency on scripting. It’s products also include Phurnace WebSphere Portal Deliver, which handles the dependencies that is managed when making changes to or releasing new portlets, applications, themes, skins, and contents. In addition, it offers on-site training services to improve Java application deployments. It’s solutions automate Web application deployments ranging from installation to deployment to upgrades, as well as eliminating manual error-prone processes.
	['', 'java application', ' ', 'enterprise management', ' ', 'automation software', '']
