MLRGB Restauration
	Provider of steam cooked food products. The company operates as a restaurant serving steamed food products for health conscious customers.
	['', 'steam cooked food', ' ', 'healthy food', ' ', 'steamed food', ' ', 'organic wine', ' ', 'restaurant operator', '']
Heidi\'s Gourmet Desserts
	Manufacturer and distributor of frozen desserts to retail and food service outlets. The company produces New York and California style cheesecakes, gourmet layer cakes, homestyle and specialty desserts.
	['', 'frozen food', ' cheesecake ', 'layer cake', '']
Pollo Rey
	Chain of Mexican food restaurants. The company provides dishes like Gourmet Burritos,  Roasted Chicken, Fish Tacos, Quesadillas, Fresh Salads, Stuffed Potatoes and Vegetarian Food.
	['Quesadillas']
ecMarkets
	Provider of online purchasing provisions, strategic sourcing and supplier relationship management (SRM) tools to the industrial, food service and food distribution sectors. The company offers group buying programs, as well as procurement software for dairy, grocery, consumer product and convenience store industries.
	['', 'online purchasing solutions', ' ', 'food service', ' ', 'procurement software', ' ', 'store industries', '']
Macrae Food Group
	Manufacturer and seller of ready to eat seafood. The company provides a variety of chilled sea food products ranging from shellfish to fresh and smoked fish along with marinaded products. It also provides sea food processing services.
	['', 'seafood products', ' ', 'marinaded products', ' ', 'smoked fish', ' ', 'food processing', '']
Natur\'Inov
	Provider and distributor of organic and natural products. The company is into the distribution of food, cosmetics and dietary supplements.
	['', 'natural product', ' ', 'dietary supplement', ' ', 'consumer service', '']
Home Bistro Foods
	Provider of gourmet food. The company specializes in vacuum-sealed and flash-frozen meals prepared by chefs and sold through its catalog and its e-commerce site. It offers soups, appetizers, meals, and desserts, including beef, pork, lamb/veal/bison, poultry, and seafood.
	['', 'gourmet food', ' ', 'frozen food', ' ', 'sealed food', '']
Trus Plus Systems
	Provider of agricultural and nursery products. The company is engaged in the production of nursery products, nursery stock, shrubbery, bulbs, fruit stock, sod and other agricultural products.
	['', 'nursery products', ' ', 'nursery stock', ' shrubbery ', 'fruit stock', ' nursery bulbs']
Kaiku Corporación Alimentaria
	Producer of healthy dairy food products. The company engages in production and distribution of healthy dairy products some of which are even suitable for the lactose intolerant. The company\'s products include ready to serve varieties such as desserts, cheeses, milk shakes, milk, yoghourts and lactose free products.
	['dessert ', 'dairy production', ' ', 'dairy products', ' cheese ', 'ready to serve products', '']
Arvensia
	Operator of an online portal for grain industry. The company focuses on agricultural products such as grains and flours. It also develops products and services for optimal processing of transactions.
	['', 'agricultural products', ' grains flours ', 'feed processing', ' crops']
Dujardin Foods
	Provider of frozen vegetarian food products. The company engages in the production and marketing of frozen vegetables, fruits, herbs and other vegetable-based ready meals.
	['', 'frozen vegetable', ' ', 'ready meal', ' ', 'frozen fruit', '']
Redpoint Bio
	Developer of novel and healthful taste enhancers for the food, beverage and pharmaceutical industries. The company researches, discovers, develops and commercializes breakthrough products that improve the palatability of oral medicines and enhance the flavor and nutritional value of foods and beverages.
	['', 'taste enhancers', ' ', 'healthful taste', ' ', 'pharmaceutical industries', '']
Micro Analytical Systems
	Provider of sea food products. The company provides information regarding fish origin, fishing method and maximum mercury levels for each species.
	['seafood ', 'fishing method', ' ', 'sea food product', '']
Conserves et Salaisons De La Noureppe
	Provider of gourmet and other food products. The company offers cured meats, frozen foods, poultry items, sea food, grocery products, dairy products, fruits and vegetables, bakery and confectionery products, beverages and other agricultural products.
	['', 'confectionery product', ' ', 'grocery product', ' ', 'poultry item', '']
Gascoigne Melotte Holding
	Manufacturer of equipment for the dairy industry. The company offers milking machines and other dairy automation products.
	['', 'milk harvesting equipment', ' ', 'agricultural machinery', ' ', 'dairy automation', '']
Natratec International
	Developer and manufacturer of organic protective emulsions. The company primarily focuses on producing emulsions which retain the freshness of fruits and vegetables and increase the egg hatching rate of poultry.
	['', 'organic preservation', ' ', 'food freshness', ' ', 'agricultural product', '']
Pacific Grain and Foods
	Provider of dry foods and animal feeds. The company supplies edible beans, rice, grains and spices to the food services industry.
	['', 'organic products', ' ', 'dry food', ' spices']
Lasso.it
	Provider of an online service offering delivery of spirits. The company offers on-demand delivery of artisan wine, beer, spirits, soda and specialty foods including cheese, sweets and meat platters from local merchants and gourmet food shops.
	['', 'food delivery', ' ', 'wine delivery', ' ', 'online alcohol', '']
EcoScraps
	Provider of organic, chemical and manure free lawn and garden products. The company\'s process recycles food wastes into nutrient rich products.
	['', 'organic soil', ' compost fertilizer ', 'potting soil', ' ', 'garden product', ' ', 'lawn product', '']
