Medtech Pharma (Wales)
	Developer of bioencapsulation based life science and therapeutic products. The company offers drug delivery systems for the formulations of cancer and diabetes treating drugs.
	['', 'bioencapsulation', ' ', 'therapeutic product', ' ', 'drug delivery system', '']
Crisi Medical Systems
	Developer of drug-delivery systems. The company\'s products are designed to improve clinical outcomes and lower healthcare costs by making the delivery of intravenous injectable drugs safer and more accurate.
	['medication ', 'clinical workflow', ' caregiver']
Respirics
	Provider of drug delivery and development services. The company is a respiratory drug delivery and development company serving the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic industries. It has developed a proprietary dry powder respiratory drug delivery system that can incorporate a range of drug products to treat respiratory diseases as well as other diseases where systemic drug targeting is required.
	['', 'drug delivery', ' ', 'inhalation technology', ' ', 'dry powder respiratory', '']
PreCision Dermatology
	Developer of dermatological products. The company\'s DELEVO Foam Technology, a drug delivery platform that provides levels of proven active ingredients to the skin with fewer side effects and improvement of the natural skin barrier.
	['', 'dermatological product', ' ', 'skincare product', ' ', 'skin treatment', '']
Alkermes
	Operator of a biopharmaceutical company. The company develops products based on drug-delivery technologies to enhance therapeutic outcomes in major diseases.
	['', 'drug delivery technology', ' schizophrenia ', 'therapeutic outcomes', '']
AerovectRx
	Developer of an inhaled drug delivery platform and provides dosage-controlled therapeutics. The company develops vibrating mesh nebulizers to deliver drugs and vaccines. The aerosol therapeutic company also delivers a variety of vaccine and therapies varying from multiple-use mass immunizations, specialty pharmaceutical and personal home care use.
	['Respiratory ', 'Anti-Infectives', ' aerosol']
Mistral Pharma
	Developer of drug-delivery systems. The company develops new controlled-delivery profiles for existing commercial drugs.
	['', 'drug delivery', '']
Gardia Medical
	Developer of catheter based drug delivery systems. The company offers a wire independent distal filtration system that reduces the incidence of embolic complications during stenting procedures, such as carotid and angioplasty.
	['', 'drug delivery', ' ', 'filtration system', ' ', 'stenting procedure', '']
OnPharma
	Developer of a drug delivery system. The company develops a dispensing device for local anesthetic that allows dentist to reduce injection pain and accelerate the numbing of the affected tooth area.
	['', 'drug delivery', ' ', 'dispensing device', ' ', 'local anesthetic', '']
Transcu Group
	Operator of a drug delivery company. The company engages in the development of a transdermal drug delivery system based on iontophoresis.
	['transdermal iontophoresis ', 'cutting-edge technology', '']
CellMed
	Developer of a biological drug delivery system for therapeutic treatment. The company\'s core product is CellMed UHVBiopolymer, which is used as a material to encapsulate cells and tissue. The company\'s products are marketed as CellBeads, which are micro-implants that produces therapeutic molecules to treat diseases like hypoparathyroidism, diabetes, oncology and neurodegeneration.
	['', 'therapeutic treatment', ' CellBeads ', 'micro-implants', ' ', 'therapeutic molecules', '']
Novosis
	Provider of transdermal and implantable drug delivery systems. The company specializes in the development and production of transdermal therapeutic systems and subcutaneous implants for drug application.
	['', 'therapeutic plasters', ' ', 'transdermal therapeutic system', ' ', 'subcutaneous implant', ' plasters ', 'drug delivery', '']
Therafuse
	Provider of drug delivery systems. The company uses microelectromechanical (MEMS) technology to develop medication-specific drug delivery systems that will provide the accuracy of pump delivery with the user-friendliness of a patch.
	['', 'drug delivery', ' microelectromechanical ', 'pump delivery', '']
e-Nicotine Technology
	Developer of electronic nicotine (eNT) products. The company is developing a nicotine product that produces a condensation aerosol of nicotine using a proprietary thermal drug-delivery technology. The eNT platform is designed to produce the appropriate dose of  nicotine particles for deep lung delivery, to reduce cravings and to avoid the carcinogens associated with cigarette smoke.
	['', 'health care', ' ', 'electronic nicotine', ' ', 'nicotine product', '']
Orexo
	Developer of treatments using proprietary drug delivery technology. The company develops a product Diabact, a breath test for diagnosing the stomach ulcer bacterium.
	['', 'drug delivery technology', ' ', 'insomnia treatment', ' ', 'gastric ulcer', '']
Insert Therapeutics
	Developer of delivery-enhanced therapeutics. The company use patented class of polymeric delivery systems which is called CyclosertÔ family of linear cyclodextrin-containing polymers.
	['', 'polymeric delivery', ' therapeutics']
