Eleme Medical
	Developer of laser techniques, systems  and protocol for the treatment of fat and cellulite. The company provides product with Photomology technology for the temporary reduction in the appearance of cellulite and a a medical device for laser-assisted lipolysis, which is used in body shaping and skin tightening of localized areas.
	['', 'body shaping technology', ' ', 'photomology technology', ' ', 'temporary cellulite reduction', ' ', 'skin tightening', '']
Spectralus
	Developer of solid-state green laser platform. The company\'s product is suitable for integration into mobile projection devices.
	['laser ', 'green laser', '']
TherMark
	Developer of laser marking technology and materials. The company has a patented laser marking process which produces permanent marks on a variety of surfaces including metals, ceramics, glass, porcelain, nylon, marble, granite, stone and some plastics. The technology is increasingly being used as a solution for component tracking, quality control and anticounterfeiting in the automotive, aerospace and perfume and cosmetics industries.
	['', 'laser marking equipment', ' ', 'fuse marking', ' ', 'laser device', ' ', 'electrical system', '']
CleveX
	Provider of skin biopsy and wound care management products. The company provides ExiClip, a surgical device that eliminates the surgery and suture approach used by medical professionals to remove skin lesions, and improves patient outcomes.
	['', 'skin biopsy', ' ', 'cosmetic surgery', ' ', 'surgical devices', ' ', 'skin lesion', '']
TrueBlue
	Provider of temporary workers to the light industrial, construction and small business markets in the United States and Canada. The company is an International provider of temporary blue-collar staffing.
	['employment ', 'labor services', ' ', 'employment agencies', ' ', 'business training', '']
PinPointe USA
	Developer of laser light-based therapies for treating nail fungus. The company develops laser-enabled devices to address onychomycosis and other footcare issues. The company  also offers PinPointe FootLaser, a laser device for the temporary increase of clear nail in patients with onychomycosis or nail fungus.
	['', 'laser light', ' ', 'nail fungus', ' ', 'laser enabled devices', ' onychomycosis']
Optical Biopsy Technology
	Operator of a development stage medical company. The company develops a proprietary software that interprets the laser induced fluorescence of tissue to determine if the tissue is cancerous, pre-cancerous, or benign.
	['', 'development stage', ' ', 'proprietary software', ' fluorescence']
