Wild Bunch
	Provider of an entertainment multichannel distribution platform. The company offers a regularly renewed slate of films from across the globe.
	['', 'multichannel distribution', ' ', 'entertainment platform', ' ', 'network distribution', '']
Digitalsmiths
	Owner and Operator of a video indexing and digital content publishing technology company. The company\'s computer-vision based video indexing search and interpretation algorithms empowers content owners and publishers to monetize their digital video content and advertisers to automatically target their advertisements.
	['', 'video indexing', ' ', 'digital publishing', ' ', 'Multimedia & Design Software', '']
Intellistream
	Provider of a video content-delivery platform. The company provides a technology platform enabling delivery of interactive, streaming applications through any available 2G, 3G or 4G mobile network.
	['', 'video content', ' ', 'content delivery', ' ', 'video streaming', '']
Snaptu
	Provider of online solutions for mobile devices. The company offers Snaptu, an application that turns Websites into mobile phone applications. It serves online service providers, media companies and content owners, mobile network operators and content aggregators, and system integrators.
	['', 'online solution', ' ', 'mobile solution', ' ', 'mobile application', '']
Azuki Systems
	Provider of over-the-top optimized multi-screen video technology services. The company operates a web-based platform that enables service providers, mobile operators and brand-name media to combine the power of over-the-top delivery with the highest quality of user experience, content protection, scale and reliability.
	['', 'video technology services', ' ', 'web-based platform', ' ', 'video delivery', '']
Apalya Technologies
	Provider of a content aggregation, provisioning and distribution platform. The company\'s video delivery platform streams video content to consumers by integrating mobile operators, content owners and mobile advertisers.
	['', 'streaming video', ' ', 'video streaming', ' ', 'online entertainment', ' ', 'online broadcasting', '']
MobileWeaver
	Provider of entertaining software, games and multimedia titles and delivery platform. The company provides a quality content catalog that consists of 20,000 titles from more than 365 international mobile content developers.
	['', 'content catalog', ' ', 'delivery platform', ' ', 'multimedia gaming', '']
Myxer
	Provider of a community-based mobile entertainment website for consumers, content owners and advertisers. The company\'s platform enables advertisers to deliver ad campaigns on the Web.
	['', 'mobile entertainment', ' ', 'mobile community', ' ', 'mobile ad campaigns', ' ', 'multimedia and design', '']
Mochila
	Operator of an online market place for syndicated content from various content providers. The company’s marketplace contains articles, photos, and videos covering hard news and feature stories on various topics, such as health, business, entertainment, fashion, sports, science, and technology. Its online platform helps publishers to build business, content owners to find new value for their content, and advertisers to reach target audience.
	['', 'online market place', ' ', 'online platform', ' ', 'publisher platform', '']
XKPAD
	Provider of content for the video gaming hardware industry. The company offers Bodypad, a fighting simulator for play station.
	['', 'video gaming', ' Bodypad ', 'fighting simulator', ' hardware']
