LiveTime Software
	Developer of IT service management software. The company provides a platform one of reactive incident response to a more holistic approach involving the entire business, its processes and workflows.
	['', 'IT service management', ' ', 'business processes', ' ', 'business processes', '']
Roomtag
	Developer of a space management software. The company provides a web-based space management software that enables facility and office managers to track people, space and assets.
	['', 'space management', ' ', 'office software', ' ', 'facility management', '']
Tonic Software
	Innovator of web application management software for companies that rely on the Internet to conduct business. The company’s software performs root cause analysis. Its software product enables users to measure and monitor performance, verify content and functional integrity, load test, and detect problems.
	['', 'web application', ' ', 'management software', ' ', 'monitor performance', ' ', 'functional integrity', ' ', 'load test', ' ', 'detect problem', '']
Flashline
	Developer of asset management software for managing information technology and software assets. The company provides enterprise software reuse solutions that facilitate the rapid development of software systems for business.
	['', 'software reuse solution', ' ', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'business management software', '']
MediaFlex
	Provider of internet software and systems for on-demand publishing. The company develops a network that enables e-commerce and the distribution of on-demand image-based products. It develops print procurement technology.
	['', 'on demand publishing', ' ', 'print procurement technology', ' ', 'publishing software', '']
Cobook
	Developer of contact management software. The company develops applications for Macintosh and iOS platform.
	['', 'contact software', ' ', 'ios application', ' ', 'contact management software', '']
Terraspring
	Developer and provider of management software. The company provides service for the automated deployment, management, visibility and control of the heterogeneous computing environments.
	['', 'automated deployment', ' ', 'storage resource', ' ', 'device agnostic', ' computing']
Chancery Software
	Provider of school administration and curriculum management software. The company\'s software tools help in the management of student information, such as enrollments, scheduling, attendance, grading and student performance.
	['', 'student information system', ' ', 'curriculum management software', ' ', 'student data management', ' ', 'information management systems', ' ', 'software tools', '']
Codima Technologies
	Developer of software tools for organizations. The company enables users to view, maintain and store data on network inventory. It also helps organizations to reduce costs, save time and manage their infrastructure network. It sells network management tools.
	['', 'software tools', ' ', 'network management tools', ' ', 'VoIP management', ' ', 'IT assets', '']
intelligent views
	Provider of database management software. The company provides a software to manage vast heterogeneous databases and joins related pieces of information to discover hitherto unrevealed and unrelated knowledge.
	['', 'data mining', ' ', 'heterogeneous platform', ' knowledge']
Mission Critical
	Developer of system management software. The company develops and markets enterprise level system management software.
	['', 'system software', ' ', 'Business software', '']
Abatis Systems
	Developer of consumable IP networking software. The company develops software that are based on the business services architecture, designed to let carriers leverage their existing core networks and deploy IP services.
	['', 'networking software', ' ', 'business services architecture', ' ', 'consumable internet proticol', '']
MAXM Systems
	Developer of management software. The company develops network management software and is based in McLean, Virginia.
	['', 'enterprise automation software', ' ', 'network management', '']
Grantium
	Provider of the grants management software platform for government agencies and granting organizations. The company provides the software that helps in off-the-shelf end-to-end enterprise grants management between organization.
	['', 'grant management software', ' ', 'automate grant', ' ', 'virtual world', '']
Enroute
	Developer of of parcel-shipping management software. The company makes a web-based software platform that helps businesses choose the cheapest and fastest delivery service—international, national or regional carriers to ship their packages.
	['', 'parcel-shipping management', ' ', 'logistic software', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'package delivery software', '']
Vergo
	Provider of software based services for network and risk management. The company provides network management service to manage the supply chain and its companies balanced risks management for strategic management. It also provides software for working capital management.
	['', 'network management', ' ', 'analytic software', ' ', 'working capital management', ' ', 'supply chain management', '']
WebSpective Software
	Developer of management performance software solutions for large websites. The company provides internet commerce and content sites with web resource management systems designed to run e-business in real-time.
	['', 'internet commerce', ' e-business']
ICCM Solutions
	Developer of an enterprise management software. The company provides global client base with process applications and tailored services for IT service management, HR shared services and intelligent BPM.
	['', 'service management', ' BPM ', 'business process management', ' ', 'tailored services', ' ', 'enterprise management', '']
