FriCSo
	Developer of advanced surface treatment technology for friction reduction between moving parts. The company\'s single process delivers new surface characteristics that reduce friction and result in performance improvements. The company is into the research, development, manufacture, and marketing of its products between moving parts to automotive, hydraulic, and machinery industries.
	['', 'surface treatment technology', ' ', 'nanolayer device', ' ', 'friction reduction', '']
Quantum Leap Packaging
	Manufacturer of electronic component packaging. The company designs and manufactures electronic component packaging utilizing proprietary material system that meets the critical design and manufacturing requirements of various applications such as semiconductor, medical and optical devices, either in hermetic or non-hermetic configurations.
	['', 'electronic component', ' semiconductor']
Authix Technologies
	Developer of a product authentication system. The company designs small unique tags that will be inserted in each package or within the items to be purchased.
	['', 'product authentication system', ' ', 'wireless device', ' ', 'product tag', '']
Advanced Solution Management
	Developer of plastic surface processing technology. The company designs, manufactures and sets up the surface preparation and coating equipment for plastic parts.
	['', 'plastic bottle', ' ', 'plastic coating', ' ', 'plastic bottle coating', '']
Oramir
	Developer of laser technology for the semiconductor industry. The company specializes in cleaning technologies for semiconductor wafers.
	['', 'semiconductor equipment', ' ', 'laser chips', ' ', 'laser technology', '']
Quality Semiconductor
	Developer of semiconductor products. The company offers logic as well as networking and logic-intensive specialty memory semiconductor products. The company focuses on systems manufacturers principally in the networking, personal computer and workstation markets.
	['', 'semiconductor products', '']
ConveyEx
	Developer of systems for transportation of goods for the air industry. The company offers various products for different types of airports and aircraft including loading systems, flight containers and automatic unloading machines.
	['logistic ', 'air transport', ' ', 'flight container', '']
Connector Optics
	Producer of vertical cavity surface emitting lasers and photo-detectors. The company\'s product is based on advanced technology for growing semiconductor heterostructures with molecular beam epitaxy, which ensures ultralow internal optical loss in the produced epitaxial wafers.
	['', 'photo detector', ' laser ', 'semiconductor heterostructure', ' ', 'optical component', '']
Metara
	Designer and manufacturer of metrology equipment for the semiconductor industry. The company manufactures chemical metrology tools for semiconductor industry used in monitoring and controlling chemical processes.
	['', 'metrology equipment', ' ', 'chemical tools', ' semiconductor ', 'manufacturing equipment', '']
SENSeOR
	Designer and developer of complete sensor systems for measuring physical quantity or determining the presence of chemical species or biological molecules. The company\'s products allow the development of new applications by using the principle of surface acoustic wave.
	['', 'sensor systems', ' ', 'chemical species', ' ', 'biological molecules', '']
Mork Process
	Creator of equipment for the pharmaceutical industry. The company designs and builds customized Clean-In-Place, Sterilize-In-Place, and Clean-Out-of-Place systems for use within the pharmaceutical industry.
	['', 'modulized cleaning', ' ', 'sterilization equipment', ' ', 'cleaning equipment', ' ', 'baking oven', ' ', 'spiral freezer', ' ', 'docking station', '']
On-line Technologies
	Manufacturer of process control device. The company designs and manufactures an advanced range of gas analysis and wafer metrology products.
	['', 'process control', ' ', 'gas analysis', ' ', 'wafer metrology', ' analysis']
Technic\'Europ
	Producer of food equipment. The company designs and develops general purpose machinery for food the manufacturing sector.
	['', 'food equipment', ' ', 'food production', ' ', 'general purpose machinery', '']
Concept Fabrics
	Developer of fire-retardant fabric for the contract-furnishing industry. The company designs and manufactures the textile for use by furniture makers.
	['', 'fire-retardant fabric', ' ', 'contact furnishing', ' ', 'broadwoven fiber', ' textile']
SilverStorm Technologies
	Provider of interconnect solutions for clustered computing. The company designs, manufactures and services a family of networking hardware and software products that improve cluster performance and scalability.
	['', 'Clustered computing', ' ', 'network hardware', '  ', 'connectivity software solutions', ' ', 'Network solutions', '']
Compumotor
	Developer of motors and controllers for the semiconductor industry. The company designs, manufactures and distributes electronic components and systems used to control motion and precisely locate or vary speed in automation applications.
	['', 'AC servo motors', ' ', ' DC servo motors', ' motor ', 'electronic component', ' semiconductor']
FOI
	Developer of equipment for the semiconductor industry. The company designs and manufactures machinery used to fabricate semiconductor products, including etching systems and surface oxynitridation systems.
	['', 'light etching', ' oxynitridation ', 'semiconductor devices', '']
