SilverSky
	Provider of on demand security services for computer networks in the United States. The company\'s on demand security services include vulnerability defense, intrusion defense, managed firewall, network defense, virus protection, email defense, system defense, high speed internet access, user defense, secure hosted email, email archiving and desktop management.
	['', 'antivirus software', ' ', 'network security', ' ', 'email security', '']
Symbiot
	Provider of risk metrics products for measurement and management of network security events. The company offers predictive tools for managing and analyzing streams of security event data. The company’s products include Symbiot 5600, a detection and mitigation solution to deliver community centric security to organizations; Symbiot.NET, a central repository of attacker profiles based on the cooperative surveillance and reconnaissance gathered by network participants; and Symbiot Orb, which provides interface solutions for users enabling them to avoid logging in or paged to monitor their network security.
	['', 'network security', ' ', 'risk measurement', ' ', 'risk metric product', '']
SHYM Technology
	Provider of plug-in security and trust management solutions for critical business applications. SHYM\'s MailShym solutions accelerate the adoption of secure e-mail as the cornerstone for Internet transactions. It combines plug-in security integration products and a cutting edge trust management platform.
	['', 'trust management solution', ' ', 'internet transaction', ' ', 'security integration', ' ', 'security integration', '']
Foundstone
	Developer of software for detecting and managing software vulnerabilities. The company offers a combination of enterprise software, appliances, consulting services and education to help organizations protect their assets from threats.
	['', 'strategic security', ' ', 'network security', '']
Syphan Technologies
	Developer of network security software and technology. The company provides a security platform and equipment for enterprises, original equipment manufacturers and service providers. It also manufacture products that protect multi-staged attacks as well as protect servers against network attack.
	['broadband ', 'security appliance', ' ', 'network attack', '']
International Network Services
	Provider of network consulting and security services. The company provides services for the full life cycle of a network, including planning, design, implementation, operations and optimization.
	['', 'network consulting', ' ', 'security services', ' optimization']
Syntensia
	Provider of network security services. The company provides security on-demand solutions on subscription basis.
	['', 'network security', ' ', 'security services', ' ', 'subscription basis', '']
Insightix
	Provider of security intelligence and control solutions. The company offers Business Security Assurance Suite, which is designed to detect, identify, profile, audit, and control various devices connected to client’s network; Business Security Assurance Visibility, which delivers the information necessary to properly manage and secure the enterprise network and the business of information technology; Business Security Assurance Security Configuration Management, which provides an automated way to audit the security configuration of client devices by measuring their level of compliance with internal and external policies; Business Security Assurance Security Network Access Control, which provides way to control access to the enterprise network; and Business Security Assurance Guest Network Access, which provides a way to offer guest network access while maintaining the security of client’s internal network
	['', 'security intelligence solution', ' ', 'control solution', ' ', 'Security Configuration Management', '']
Camelot Information Technologies
	Operator of a network intelligence technology company. The company\'s technology utilizes discovery algorithms to analyze network events.
	['', 'network monitoring', ' ', 'network resources', ' ', 'security services', '']
Arkoon Network Security
	Provider of Internet security services. The company\'s software products enables network security, computer system protection and data confidentiality.
	['', 'internet security', ' ', 'integrated software', ' ', 'network security', ' ', 'computer system protection', ' ', 'data confidentiality', ' ', 'firewall', '']
Secusmart
	Provider of mobile phone security services. The company has developed a product which enables users to receive encrypted calls and to store secret documents with a single mobile device.
	['', 'phone security', ' ', 'security service', ' ', 'mobile device', '']
Anchulsu laboratory
	Provider of security services. The company provides security product, security consulting, security control and security ASP for various computer crime prevention and guidance activity.
	['', 'security services', ' ', 'security consulting', ' ', 'computer crime prevention', '']
iPolicy Networks
	Operator of an integrated network security product. The company offers intrusion prevention firewall appliance; and iPolicy Security Manager, a security management system to service providers, enterprises, financial services firms, education institutions, and government agencies.
	['', 'network security product', ' ', 'firewall appliance', ' ', 'security management system', '']
Sereniti
	Provider of home computer network security, technical support and management services. The company\'s products provides router security, wireless management services, folder sharing, printer sharing, share protection safeguards and security identification. The company aims to improve and enhance the flow of data for broadband service providers such as cable operators.
	['', 'network security', ' ', 'wireless management', ' ', 'folder sharing', ' ', 'security identification', '']
LocoMobi
	Provider of software and hardware for security services. The company provides software and hardware for the parking, security and the transportation markets.
	['', 'security service', ' ', 'transportation market', ' ', 'security software', '']
Reasoning
	Provider of software inspection services. The company offers discovery mapping analytics and automated software inspection services to help measure the reliability and security of a client\'s software and also helps in reducing code defects and security vulnerabilities.
	['', 'security services', ' ', 'software inspection', '']
Netect
	Provider of security software. The company provides security assessment and systems management software that identify and close security holes to prevent internal and external network intrusions, including attempts to hack into a network via the Internet.
	['', 'security malware', ' ', 'network security', ' ', 'security assessment', ' ', 'system management software', '']
Axent
	Provider of enterprise-grade security software. The company provides an integrated suite of software designed to assess vulnerabilities and ensure policy compliance, provide firewall protection & intruder alerts; enable security Internet usage, and to manage users and resources.
	['', 'information security', ' ', 'information assets', ' ', 'security services', '']
AEP Networks
	Developer of security and communications technologies to governments, enterprises and carriers in the United Kingdom and internationally. The company\'s products include Series A Secure Application Access, which is available as hardware or virtual appliance that enables secure web browser access to a range of business applications, Series E IPSec VPN Encryptor, an independently assured encryptor that protects IP traffic across networks, Series K Hardware Security Module, a hardware security module designed to generate, store and protect cryptographic keys for mission critical applications that demand maximum security and Series V Managing, a heterogeneous network that is used by armies and other agencies that require fast, reliable and secure deployable communications.
	['', 'security application', ' ', 'communication technology', ' ', 'IP traffic', ' ', 'hardware appliance', '']
EdenWall Technologies
	Developer of IPS firewall and VPN security services. The company also offers training seminars and maintenance services, professional services, such as account management, security project design and implementation.
	['', 'IPS firewall', ' ', 'security services', ' ', 'account management', '']
Security-7
	Developer of network security services. The company provides security products for the corporate market against threats coming into the network through downloaded internet content.
	['', 'internet content', ' ', 'network security', ' ', 'security service', '']
Packet Analytics
	Provider of network security tools. The company specializes in tool development for IT security assessments and incident response applications. It offers Network Forensics Search Engine (Net/FSE), a Linux-based software that provides a web interface for network managers to see an analytical profile of host-to-host activity based on NetFlow router data and other log information related to an organization\'s security systems.
	['', 'security system', ' ', 'network security', ' ', 'network manager', ' ', 'router data', '']
Avo Photonics
	Manufacturer of environmental control, fire and gas detection and security products. The company provides custom design and contract manufacturing services to customers in the military/aerospace, medical, communications, and commercial markets.
	['', 'environmental control', ' ', 'gas detection', ' ', 'security products', '']
Fortinet
	Provider of network security appliances and unified threat management (UTM) network security solutions. The company\'s primary UTM solution consists of FortiGate appliance products that provide a range of security and networking functions, including firewall, VPN, antivirus, intrusion prevention, application control, Web filtering, antispam, wireless controller, and WAN acceleration. It also offers a family of FortiManager appliances that enable end-customers to manage the system configuration and security functions of multiple FortiGate appliances from a centralized console; and FortiAnalyzer appliances, which enable collection, analysis, and archiving of content and log data generated by its products. In addition, it provides FortiMail, a family of messaging security appliances; FortiDB, a family of appliances that provide centrally managed database-specific security; FortiClient, a software product that provides endpoint security for desktops, laptops, and mobile devices; and FortiWeb, a family of appliances that provide security for Web-based applications.
	['', 'network security appliance', ' ', 'unified threat management', ' ', 'wireless access point', '']
Trinity Security
	Supplier of security, fire and communications technologies for commercial, institutional and governmental facilities.
	['fire security technology']
Mi5
	Operator of a Web security gateway. The company provides Webgate security appliances that protect organizations against Web-based threats, including malicious URLs, spyware, crimeware, botnets, and viruses.
	['', 'Web security gateway', ' ', 'Webgate security appliance', ' ', 'security application', '']
Latis Networks (Managed Security Services Division)
	Provider of network security services. The company handles the operation of data security for companies that don\'t have the bandwidth.
	['', 'network security', ' bandwidth operation']
Secure.me
	Developer of a security technology for social networks and mobile applications. The company\'s security cloud service helps users keep sensitive information private, take control over the applications they use and helps in reducing oversharing of information.
	['', 'security technology', ' ', 'privacy protection', ' ', 'online security', ' ', 'information security', '']
Cbana Laboratories
	Developer of microfluidic and microanalytical devices for both government and private entities. The company offers miniaturized sensors for homeland security, medical diagnostics, and micro fuel cells.
	['', 'home land security', ' ', 'portable security', ' ', 'healthcare security', ' ', 'micro analytical device', '']
Protego Networks
	Provider of purpose-built intelligent network security information and threat management appliances. The company provides security threat mitigation solutions that allow organizations to quickly identify, analyze and respond to security threats targeted at mission critical networks and applications.
	['', 'Mitigation and Response System', ' ', 'network security', ' firewall']
Latis Networks
	Designer and developer of security software and certified compliance services for external and internal network security threats. The company offers automated, military-grade network access control to its customers. The company also offers a suite of security testing, monitoring and management products such as Border Guard Standard, Border Guard Gateway, Border Guard Wireless, Server VAM and Remote VAM.
	['', 'security software', ' ', 'network access control', ' ', 'Border Guard Standard', '']
IntruVert Networks
	Provider of network-based intrusion prevention software. The company\'s intrusion detection system sensor appliances include IntruShield 4000 and the IntruShield 2600, which provide the performance and functionality required to protect networks. It\'s management system, IntruShield Security Management, manages IntruShield sensor appliance deployments for enterprise networks.
	['', 'intrusion prevention', ' ', 'security management', ' ', 'intrusion detection', ' ', 'network protection', ' ', 'sensor appliance deployment', '']
Simplicita Software
	Developer of security products designed for service providers that identifies, isolates and fixes zombies. The company\'s products include Simplicita ZBX, a zombie remediation system designed for service providers that automates zombie identification, containment and disinfection and Simplicita NXD, a subscriber mediation application that allows the service provider to monetize website name errors by redirecting the subscriber experience to a search landing page.
	['', 'security products', ' ', 'carrier networks', ' ', 'zombie discovery', ' phishing ', 'zombie remediation', '']
Seclarity
	Developer of network security services to users, applications and operating systems. The company offers Sinic, a security card that enforces various security policies, such as encryption, authentication and firewalling, as well as turns broadcast network into a private network by offering protection.
	['', 'network security service', ' ', 'operating system', ' ', 'broadcast network', '']
NetOctave
	Developer of Internet security solutions that provide high-performance, turnkey system security. The company designs security processors and accelerator boards that protect high-speed network communications. It builds security processors and security accelerator boards and cards for the SSL, IPsec and IP Storage markets.
	['', 'internet services', ' ', 'Monitoring & Security', ' ', 'Network Security', '']
Beijing Venustech
	Provider of network security products. The company engages in providing security management platforms and security services in China.
	['', 'network security products', ' ', 'security services', ' ', 'security auditing', '']
Redspin
	Provider of information security assessments, risk management and compliance services. The company specializes in IT and web application security assessments, HIPAA security risk analysis, penetration testing and mobile device security assessments.
	['', 'information security', ' ', 'information security assessments', ' ', 'penetration testing', ' ', 'security audits', '']
