Cytochroma
	Developer of products to treat and prevent the clinical consequences of vitamin D insufficiency and Secondary Hyperparathyroidism (SHPT) associated with (Chronic Kidney Disease) CKD. The company develops vitamin D therapies which are designed to safely and effectively treat patients with stage 3, 4 or 5 Chronic Kidney Disease.
	['', 'vitamin D insufficiency', ' ', 'kidney disease', ' ', 'vitamin D therapy', ' ', 'elevated serum phosphorus', '']
Arcion Therapeutics
	Developer of pain therapy treatment. The company applies breakthroughs in neuroscience to advance the treatment of chronic pain. The company focuses on topical treatments to provide pain relief with convenient application and reduced systemic side effects.
	['', 'diabetic neuropathy', ' ', 'herpetic neuralgia treatment', ' ', 'pain management', ' ', 'pain therapy treatment', '']
Movetis
	Developer of drugs for the treatment of diseases in the gastrointestinal (GI) area. The company\'s products address GI disorders, such as severe chronic constipation, ascites, paediatric reflux, as well as severe forms of GI motility disorders, including refractory gastro-oesophageal reflux disease. Its lead product, Resolor, is used for the symptomatic treatment of chronic constipation in women.
	['', 'gastrointestinal treatment', ' ', 'GI disorder', ' ', 'paediatric reflux', ' ascite gastrointestinal  constipation ', 'paediatric reflux', ' ', 'GI motility', ' ', 'refractory gastro-oesophageal reflux', '']
Spinifex Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of a new class of therapeutic for chronic pain management. The company\'s lead product shows a clinically meaningful reduction in pain in patients with postherpetic neuralgia, a debilitating condition that can follow shingles.
	['', 'chronic pain', ' ', 'new drug candidate', ' ', 'postherpetic neuralgia', '']
PeriphaGen (Formerly Diamyd)
	Operator of a bio-pharmaceutical company. The company develops gene delivery products to treat and manage pain and peripheral nerve damage. Its pipeline also includes the treatment of chronic pain by NET drugs designed to block multiple pain pathways through the expression of various gene combinations.
	['', 'neurological disorder', ' ', 'gene delivery products', ' ', 'nerve damage', ' nerve']
Intersect ENT
	Developer of medical devices focused on the treatment of chronic sinusitis. The company\'s technology provides treatment for patients\' condition in which sinuses become swollen and inflamed, leading to difficulty breathing, facial pain or headache and reduced sense of smell and taste.
	['', 'bioabsorbable drug', ' ', 'heart failure', ' ', 'chronic sinusitis', ' ', 'difficulty breathing', ' ', 'facial pain', '']
Specialty Pharmaco
	Provider of the antidepressant drug Cymbalta (duloxetine). The company\'s drug is used to treat major depressive disorder and general anxiety disorder, as well as some chronic pain disorders relating to diabetes and osteoarthritis.
	['', 'anti-depressant', ' ', 'chronic pain', ' ', 'major depressive disorder', ' ', 'generalized anxiety disorder', '']
Sherrington Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of a pain treatment drug. The company develops chronic and refractory pain treatment for end-stage cancer patients and other severe pain indications.
	['', 'end-stage', ' Resiniferatoxin ', 'chronic pain', '']
Cephalon
	Cephalon, Inc. is an international biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative products in four core therapeutic areas: central nervous system, pain, oncology and inflammatory disease. In addition to conducting an active research and development program, the Company markets seven proprietary products in the United States and numerous products in various countries throughout Europe and the world. The Company\'s most significant products are wakefulness products, PROVIGIL(r) (modafinil) Tablets and NUVIGIL(r) (armodafinil) Tablets. The Company\'s Central Nervous System disorders portfolio includes three FDA-approved and marketed products: NUVIGIL, for improving wakefulness in patients with excessive sleepiness associated with narcolepsy, OSA/HS and SWSD; PROVIGIL, for the same labeled indications as NUVIGIL; and GABITRIL, for use as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial seizures in epileptic patients. PROVIGIL improves wakefulness in patients with excessive daytime sleepiness associated with narcolepsy, and the Company has launched the product in the United States. GABITRIL is a selective gamma-aminobutyric acid, reuptake inhibitor approved for use as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial seizures in epileptic patients. The Company\'s pain therapeutics portfolio currently includes four marketed products in the United States. It markets AMRIX, a once-a-day, extended-release version of cyclobenzaprine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in the brand FLEXERIL(r). AMRIX is indicated for relief of muscle spasm associated with acute, painful musculoskeletal conditions. The Company also market three products, FENTORA, ACTIQ, and generic OTFC, which focus on treating breakthrough cancer pain in opioid-tolerant patients. FENTORA is indicated for the management of breakthrough pain in patients with cancer who are already receiving and are tolerant to opioid therapy for their underlying persistent cancer pain. ACTIQ is approved in the United States for the management of breakthrough cancer pain in opioid-tolerant patients. The Company\'s U.S. oncology portfolio includes two marketed products to treat patients with hematologic cancers: TREANDA, a bi-functional hybrid cytotoxic; and TRISENOX(r), an intravenous arsenic-based targeted therapy currently marketed in the U.S., as well as in Europe. TREANDA is a novel hybrid cytotoxic alkylating agent that differs from conventional compounds in its apparent multi-functional mechanism of action. In addition to killing cells by damaging their DNA and triggering apoptosis-which is typical of alkylating agents-researchers demonstrated that TREANDA also causes the disruption of cell division. Bendamustine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in TREANDA, is currently marketed in Germany by a third party for the treatment of NHL, CLL, multiple myeloma, metastatic breast cancer and other solid tumors. TRISENOX was approved for marketing in the United States and Europe in 2000 and 2002, respectively, for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory acute promyelocytic leukemia, a life threatening hematologic cancer. The Company markets and sells directly or through partnerships 30 different branded products in over 50 countries in Europe, the Middle East and Africa and have a strong presence in the five key European pharmaceutical markets: France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, and affiliates in Benelux and Poland. The Company faces intense competition and rapid technological change in the pharmaceutical marketplace. The manufacture and sale of therapeutics are subject to regulation by U.S. and foreign governmental authorities. In particular, pharmaceutical products are subject to rigorous preclinical and clinical trials and other approval requirements.
	['', 'nerve disorders', ' ', 'muscle spasm', ' ', 'sleep apnea cure', ' ', 'medicine and drug', ' ', 'multiple sclerosis', '']
ReliefInsite
	Provider of a web-based platform to enable and enhance disease management programs, particularly in pain management. The company provides an online community where people suffering from pain can assess and track their pain levels.
	['', 'online pain management', ' ', 'pain management', '']
