Advanced Cardiac Therapeutics
	Developer of temperature-sensing cardiac ablation systems for the treatment of patients with cardiac arrhythmias. The company offers TEMPASURE, a radio frequency cardiac ablation catheter that enables the saline-irrigation and temperature measurement at three millimeters depth below the heart wall surface.
	['', 'cardiac ablation system', ' ', 'temperature measurement', ' ', 'saline-irrigation', ' ', 'cardiac arrhythmias', '']
Radiant Medical
	Developer of endovascular temperature therapy products. The company offers its products to advance the treatment of patients with acute ischemic or inflammatory medical conditions, such as heart attack, radiocontrast nephropathy, stroke, and cardiac arrest.
	['', 'endovascular temperature therapy', ' ', 'medical care product', ' ', 'acute ischemic treatment', '']
NanoStim
	Developer of a miniaturized, leadless cardiac pacemaker for the healthcare industry. The company\'s leadless cardiac pacemaker is configured for implantation in electrical contact with a cardiac chamber and configured for leadless pacing.
	['', 'leadless cardiac pacemaker', ' ', 'healthcare device', ' ', 'medical device development', '']
BarRx Medical
	Developer of non-surgical and endoscopic treatment solutions for Barrett\'s esophagus. The company offers an ablation system that uses a balloon-based electrode to ablate Barrett tissue circumferentially within the esophagus and removes the diseased cells.
	['', 'endoscopic treatment', ' ', 'ablation system', ' ', 'Barrett tissue circumferentially', ' ', 'electrode system', '']
BMDSys Production
	Developer of cardiac diagnostic imaging systems. The company uses magnetic field imaging system in medical diagnosis. It also helps to identify persons with a risk for sudden cardiac problem by cardiac electrophysiology.
	['', 'cardiac diagnostic imaging', ' ', 'cardiac electrophysiology', ' ', 'medical diagnosis', ' ', 'cardiac diagnosis', ' cardiac']
Reflow
	Developer of interventional cardiac devices. The company provides cardiac devices to treat cronic total occlusions.
	['cardiac cronic treat']
Medivance
	Manufacturer of therapeutic temperature management services. The company provides thermal-cooling systems for hospitals. It provides Arctic Sun temperature management system non-invasive thermoregulatory device that monitors and controls patient temperature.
	['', 'therapeutic devices', ' ', 'thermal cooling system', ' ', 'temperature management', '']
Endosense
	Developer of technology for contact-force measurement in catheter ablation. The company focuses on improving the efficacy, safety and accessibility of catheter ablation for the treatment of cardiac arrhythmias. The company pioneered the use of contact force measurement in catheter ablation with the development of the TactiCath, the industry’s first force-sensing ablation catheter.
	['', 'cardiovascular device', ' ', 'catheter ablation', ' ', 'cardiac arrhythmia', '']
AFx
	Provider of microwave surgical cardiac ablation technology. The company has developed a proprietary technology that allows surgeons to apply microwave energy to the surface of the heart.
	['', 'cardiac ablation technology', ' ', 'microwave energy', ' ', 'heart surface', '']
