Metreo
	Provider of pricing optimization software. The company provides pricing optimization software that enables manufacturers and distributors to maximize profits from the sales of their goods and services.
	['', 'pricing optimization', ' ', 'profit maximization', ' finance']
QuiQom Systems
	Provider of high-speed broadband services. The company develops technology that allows individual units to use the existing central antenna system in multifamily houses to obtain high-performance broadband and internet protocol televison.
	['', 'high-speed broadband', ' ', 'central antenna system', ' ', 'broadband modem', '']
B2
	Provider of broadband services. The company provides Ethernet services, IP-telephony, Video-on-Demand and television services
	['', 'broadband services', ' ', 'network technology', ' ', 'internet connection', '']
Techgenia
	Developer of Internet protocol (IP) devices. The company produces and markets appliances designed to help companies accelerate the implementation of IP services and to obtain a quicker return on investment.
	['', 'IT technologies', ' ', 'skilled consultancy', ' ', 'IT services', '']
Orchestream
	Provider of service activation and performance management software to global telecommunications network operators. The company\'s product, Orchestream Service Activator, enables managers of large scale Internet protocol and broadband networks to automate the configuration tasks associated with network management and service activation.
	['', 'performance management', ' ', 'global telecommunication', ' ', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'broadband network', '']
mimoOn
	Developer of LTE software for mobile devices and wireless infrastructure. The company offers physical layer and protocol stack for small cells and terminals, advanced scheduler for small cells, self-organizing network support and IP development in the areas of advanced PHY algorithms on multi-core SDR platforms. It provides complete porting, optimization and verification service, as well as a roadmap to future 3GPP releases.
	['', 'mobile device', ' ', 'wireless infrastructure', ' ', 'LTE software', '']
Flarion Technologies
	Developer of orthogonal frequency division multiplex access (OFDMA) technology and FLASH-OFDM technology for mobile broadband Internet protocol (IP) services. The company makes radio-frequency base stations (RadioRouter) that enable mobile wireless carriers to offer high-speed data services to subscribers. It also licenses the FLASH-OFDM technology to facilitate the design of FLASH-OFDM enabled networks and computing devices, such as notebook PCs, handheld PCs, personal digital assistants, web tablets, and handsets.
	['', 'broadband service', ' ', 'radio frequency station', ' ', 'FLASH-OFDM technology', ' ', 'wireless telecommunication product', '']
Ping Communications
	Provider of broadband gateways, VoIP adapters, fiber equipments and remote monitoring and management systems. The company develops electronic items that combines the functionality of the broadband modem and wireless router.
	['', 'broadband gateways', ' ', 'fiber equipment', ' ', 'electronic item', ' ', 'wireless router', ' ', 'remote monitoring', '']
ChanneLogics
	Operator of software development company. The company designs bandwidth software for cable networks. The company provides solutions to cable service providers that enable them to optimize their systems by increasing the use of the total bandwidth.
	['', 'bandwidth management software', ' ', 'cable network', ' real-time']
Ortiva Wireless
	Provider of video optimization software for mobile network operators (MNOs) and managed service providers (MSPs). The company offers mVOG, a mobile video optimization gateway that provides a mobile streaming solution for MNOs and MSPs; and iVOG, a video optimization platform designed for wireless operators to enhance the overall network efficiency and reduce bandwidth consumption.
	['', 'video software', ' ', 'mobile operator', ' ', 'service provider', ' ', 'video optimization', '']
Inteliquent
	Provider of tandem interconnection services principally to carriers, including wireless, wireline, cable and broadband telephony companies. The company\'s services help carriers to exchange local and long distance traffic between their networks without using an ILEC tandem or establishing direct connections. It manages network capacity between its tandem switches and customers’ switches, which results in network quality and reduced call blocking.
	['', 'tandem interconnection', ' ', 'wireless telephone', ' ', 'broadband telephony', ' ', 'call traffic', ' ', 'network traffic', ' ', 'ILEC tandem', ' ', 'direct connection', ' ', 'network capacity', ' ', 'tandem switch', ' ', 'call  blocking', '']
Advanced Digital Internet
	Provider of broadband internet access and internet protocol services. The company provides internet access service to apartment buildings, cooperatives and condominiums. Their focus is on residents of buildings with multiple dwelling units (MDUs).
	['', 'broadband internet', ' ', 'internet access service', ' ', 'inter protocols', '']
EXFO Service Assurance
	Provider of open and extensible converged service assurance solutions for the service providers and enterprises of voice, video, data, and mobile services. The company also provides customization, design, installation, configuration, integration, operations, and educational services. It serves carriers, cable MSOs, managed service providers, large enterprises, and mobile operators.
	['', 'mobile service', ' ', 'education service', ' ', 'management software', ' ', 'video content', '']
Allot Communications
	Provider of broadband-optimization services. The company provides Internet protocol (IP) service optimization for wireless and mobile broadband carriers, cable-service providers and enterprises.
	['', 'broadband service', ' ', 'internet protocol service', ' ', 'optimization services', ' ', 'information technology services', '']
Bitboys
	Developer of graphics hardware Internet Protocol (IP) services for various wireless and embedded devices. The company provides managed services, cloud computing services, telecom consultation and digital marketing services.
	['', 'graphics processor', ' ', 'mobile gaming', ' ', 'embedded device', '']
Irish Broadband Internet Services
	Provider of broadband internet access services in Ireland.
	['', 'broadband access', ' bandwidth ', 'internet connectivity', '']
