Microgon
	Manufacturer of biotechnological separation, filtration and OEM medical devices. The company produces hollow-fiber membrane filters for use in research laboratories.
	['', 'laboratory products', ' filtration ', 'medical devices', '']
Medfield Diagnostics
	Manufacturer of diagnostic instrumentation. The company offers microwave technology based equipment to facilitate the diagnosis of stroke. Its products include Strokefinder R10 for doctors in the field of stroke diagnosis and Strokefinder MD100, a diagnostic instrument for use in emergency rooms and ambulances to diagnose the type of stroke.
	['', 'microwave technology', ' ', 'diagnostic equipment', ' ', 'stroke diagnosis', '']
Somnus Medical Technologies
	Developer and manufacturer of medical devices. The company\'s medical devices utilize proprietary radiofrequency technology for the management and treatment of upper airway disorders.
	['', 'medical devices', '']
B1 Medical
	Manufacturer of medical devices for the orthopedics market. The company develops and markets products such as soft tissue monitoring, fracture fixation, IM nail alignment, tissue repair and small joint prosthesis products for trauma fixation in orthopedic fields.
	['', 'orthopedics market', ' ', 'soft tissue monitoring', ' ', 'fracture fixation', ' orthopedic']
MedPage Today
	Provider of online medical news service for physicians and healthcare professionals. The company develops online medical education programs that provide articles, as well as offers medical meetings information.
	['', 'online medical education', ' ', 'health solution', ' fitness lifestyle ', 'health advertising', ' ', 'health information', '']
Finnomedo
	Manufacturer of medical products. The company provides medical devices and instruments for use in ambulances and other medical fields. Its products include transparent pressure dressings.
	['', 'medical supplies', ' ', 'bandages', '']
NetMed
	Provider of online health and medical information.
	['', 'healthcare information', ' ', 'medical information', '']
Tomi-Steel
	Manufacturer of industrial pipes. The company\'s products include pipe racks, prefabricated pipes, pressure vessels, pump modules and also offers cutting, bending pipes and welding service.
	['', 'industrial pipes', ' ', 'prefabricated pipes', ' ', 'welding services', '']
LAAx
	Manufacturer of medical occlusion equipment. The company develops TigerPaw System that occludes the left atrial appendage (LAA) and confirms to its shape and thickness, minimizing the risk of tissue damage and accidental bleeding associated with other common closing methods used during open chest procedures.
	['', 'medical occlusion equipment', ' ', 'left atrial appendage', ' ', 'tissue damage', ' ', 'surgical device', '']
Align Technology
	Manufacturer of invisalign system for treating malocclusion or the misalignment of teeth. The company’s products include Invisalign Full for the treatment of a range of malocclusions. It corrects malocclusion using a series of clear, nearly invisible, removable appliances that gently move teeth to a desired final position.
	['', 'invisalign system', ' malocclusion ', 'misalignment of teeth', '']
Medical Gas Solutions
	Manufacturer and distributor of a medical gases and device. The company manufacturer medical gases and associated equipment for emergency use in medical line by emergency service personnel, healthcare professionals and first aiders.
	['', 'medical gas', ' ', 'medical equipment', ' emergency']
Oxford Labs
	Manufacturer of disposable medical products.
	['', 'medical product', ' ', 'disposable product', '']
Sonesta
	Manufacturer of medical equipment for healthcare professionals. The company develops and manufactures medical-examination chairs and tables for urodynamic studies as well as physician practices within urology and gynecology.
	['acupuncture esthetic tables ', 'examination equipment', '']
Inova Labs
	Manufacturer of medical devices. The company develops and commercializes innovative products like LifeChoice Activox and Activox DUO2 oxygen concentrators for patients with respiratory illness.
	['', 'therapeutic devices', ' ', 'portable oxygen concentrator', ' ', 'patient care product', '']
Genus Medical
	Manufacturer of the medical devices for the home care and  . The company manufactures, designs and distribute the medical device and product for home use.
	['', 'medical distribution', ' ', 'medical care', ' rehabilitation']
Origin Medsystems
	Developer and manufacturer of specialized endosurgery devices and instruments for orthopedic and general surgery. The company\'s first product, the Cement Extraction System is used for replacement of artificial hips.
	['', 'artificial hip', ' ', 'surgical device', ' endosurgery']
