Metacafe
	Provider of online video. The company specializes in short-form original content. It operates a Video Games hub, which features trailers, reviews, news, interviews and walkthroughs for video game releases in various gaming platforms.
	['', 'online video', ' ', 'content filter', ' ', 'video sharing', ' entertainment']
IBeatYou
	Provider of online contest and competition Website. The Website enables users to compete using video, photo and text.
	['', 'online contest', ' ', 'online competition', ' ', 'online video competition', ' ', 'photo competition', '']
Moki.TV
	Operator of an online video directory. The company provides an e-commerce platform for the television and film industries.
	['', 'TV guide', ' movies ', 'video directory', '']
Viddyou
	Provider of custom-built video service that allows users to archive and express their life in short-form videos.
	['', 'video publishing', ' ', 'video sharing', ' ', 'video hosting solution', ' ', 'videoblogging', '']
CAVI
	Provider of an online in-video purchase option. The company enables content-owners and publishers to integrate as an e-commerce shop into the online videos, without disturbing the experience of the user.
	['synergies ', 'in-video shopping', ' ', 'commercial service', ' ', 'e-commerce integration', '']
Smartclip Holding
	Provider of a network platform that enables advertisers and agencies to expand their TV campaigns to the Internet. The company delivers video advertising across various platforms, such as mobile devices, TV screens and computers. It provides various tools that enable advertisers to reach, engage and persuade their audience.
	['', 'network platform', ' ', 'online video advertising', ' ', 'advertising network', '']
Rawporter
	Provider of online raw video and photos. The company provides photos and videos that are shared online.
	['', 'online video', ' ', 'online sharing', ' ', 'online photo', '']
ZEFR
	Provider of content rights management to movie studios on YouTube. The company allows its users to search, find, watch, discuss and share movie clips from movies. It also offers a website that offers a collection of movie clips on YouTube.
	['', 'social marketing', ' ', 'rights management', ' ', 'video solution', ' ', 'online video platform', '']
Kewego
	Provider of business solutions for managing, broadcasting and monetizing videos on Internet, Intranet, mobiles and screen networks. The company provides IP-based, multi-screen video asset management solutions for managing, broadcasting and monetizing videos on PCs, mobile phones, iPads, connected TVs, gaming consoles and other Internet-connected devices. It also provides a Web portal solution that consists of a video portal with personalized player that enables its clients to integrate a Web portal to their Websites.
	['', 'video broadcasting', ' ', 'video monetizing', ' ', 'video portal', ' ', 'video asset management', ' ', 'online video', '']
Involver
	Provider of video campaign platform for marketers to build, launch, promote, manage and monitor/track video campaigns for social networks users. The company’s platform includes campaign builders, dashboards, interactive video plugins, white label social applications and reporting tools.
	['', 'video campaign platform', ' ', 'interactive video plugin', ' ', 'video marketing solution', ' ', 'social platform', ' ', 'video plugin', '']
EyeWonder
	Provider of online video and rich media advertising products and services. The company offers advertising formats including video and rich media, in-page to transitional, in-game to in-application, video ads, rich media ads, and custom site ads; and advertising features, such as video features, mobile features and creative features.
	['', 'media advertising product', ' ', 'online video', ' ', 'rich media advertising', '']
Videostrip
	Provider of an online video advertising network. The company provides an online video platform that allows users to create and publish video sites and banners in the Netherlands.
	['', 'video advertising', ' ', 'video publishing', ' ', 'online video', ' ', 'video platform', '']
LiveRail
	Provider of online video advertising services. The company’s suite enables video campaign management, advertisement unit support, campaign reporting, advertisement optimizing, video sample integration and video distribution and monitoring services. It provides advertisement source optimization, syndication reporting and share accounting services.
	['', 'online video advertising', ' ', 'online advertising service', ' ', 'video campaign management', ' ', 'monitoring service', '']
Virtual Labs
	Developer of a conversational video platform. The company allows people to broadcast video structured as conversations, offering the personal form of social interaction on the web. It allows people to get advice from experts, interact with their favorite celebrity or organization and communicate with friends and family.
	['', 'video platform', ' ', 'conversational video', ' ', 'video broadcast', ' ', 'social interaction', ' ', 'online video', ' ', 'online communication', '']
ClipClock
	Operator of a video sharing platform. The company allows users to collect, edit and share the best clipped video moments.
	['', 'video sharing platform', ' ', 'video sharing', ' ', 'online video editing', ' ', 'online video sharing', '']
This Technology
	Developer of software for video advertising insertion. The company helps MVPDs and programmers navigate changing business and technical landscapes with technology that ensure the right content gets to the right people on the right devices.
	['', 'video advertising', ' ', 'digital content', ' ', 'advertising inventory management', '']
Rockpack
	Provider of a video-curation application. The company is the developer of a mobile application for video downloads, curating video content from around the Web and enabling users to create their own channels for receiving it.
	['', 'video curation application', ' ', 'video platform', ' ', 'curate video', ' ', 'share collection', '']
Gotuit Media
	Provider of metadata technology for optimizing the value of video libraries for professional content publishers. The company offers VideoMarker Pro, a metadata authoring application for publishers to package and present their broadband video libraries; and VideoMixer, which allows publishers to give their audience the ability to remix videos and produce new video experiences from manipulating the video metadata.
	['', 'metadata technology', ' ', 'video metadata', ' videomixer videomaker  ', 'video manipulation', ' ', 'video library', ' ', 'video remix', '']
Kingmaker
	Provider of an online video shopping network. The company provides consumers with the information they need to learn practical skills and make educated purchases.
	['e-commerce ', 'video shopping', ' ', 'video commerce', '']
Lance Entertainment
	Distributor of online and offline videos, focusing on crime drama and murder mystery genres. The company acquires, positions, packages and releases on DVD previously produced films and mini-series.
	['', 'online video', ' ', 'offline video', ' ', 'crime drama', ' ', 'murder mystery genre', ' ', 'produced film', '']
Kiwatch
	Developer of video-monitoring surveillance platform. The company develops a platform which allows for WiFi video monitoring of premises through computer or smartphone.
	['', 'video monitoring', ' ', 'home security', ' ', 'Electronic Component', '']
