Aristo Technology
	Developer and marketer of design planning and assembly tools for complex IC and system-on-chip (SOC) designs. The company constraint driven planning and implementation tools offer design convergence by incorporating block-level physical information starting at the architectural (pre-RTL) design stage. Aristo serves IC designers from system and semiconductor companies developing high performance, multi-million transistor designs and adopting a hierarchical chip planning and implementation design methodology. Block-based methodologies are essential in designing microprocessors, network processors, 3-D graphics accelerators, DSPs, ASSPs, and complex ASIC designs.
	['', 'IC design', ' ', 'system-on-chip', ' ', 'SOC', ' IC ', 'transistor designs', ' ', 'microprocessor design', ' ', 'network processors', ' ', '3-D graphics accelerators', ' ', 'ASIC designs', '']
Sabio Labs
	Developer of software tools for analogue-circuit designers. The company provides a platform where designers are can create analog designs. The company works with several semiconductor companies.
	['', 'software tools', ' ', 'analogue-circuit designers', ' ', 'design platform', '']
Gradient Design Automation (Electrothermal Analysis Technology)
	Developer of a electrothermal analysis software. The company offers an technology which allows designers to identify and correct thermal problems during integrated circuit development.
	['', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'thermal problems', ' electrothermal']
kwiry
	Provider of a text message reminder service. The company works by allowing users to text message the number 59479 (k-w-i-r-y) with anything they may want to remember later.
	['', 'reminder service', ' ', 'text message reminder', ' ', 'online reminder service', '']
Moji
	Provider of visual version control for designers. The company offers a version control and collaboration platform for a community of like-minded designers that encourages people to share their art.
	['', 'version control', ' ', 'style sharing', ' ', 'designer project', ' ', 'collaboration tool', '']
LayerVault
	Developer of a cloud based application that manages revisions, store files and help designers to collaborate around designs. The company\'s application allow designers to store, back up and track designs as they go through revisions and allows them to deliver their work to collaborators and clients.
	['', 'design tracking', ' ', 'file storage', ' ', 'cloud data', ' ', 'visual search function', ' ', 'design collaboration', '']
Seek & Adore
	Operator of an online boutique for artists and designers. The company provides an e-commerce platform for designers and customers who are looking to discover and buy things such as homewares, jewellery, fashion accessories and gifts.
	['', 'fashion accessories', ' ', 'handmade gifts', ' homewares']
