PlusFourSix
	Developer of cloud based music services. The company provides end-to-end services to the users including licensing music from labels and collecting societies, complete streaming and mp3 bundled music platform with multiple storefronts such as desktop browser, mobile browsers and various application.
	['streaming ', 'music service', ' ', 'cloud technology', '']
PROnoise
	Provider of an online platform for musicians. The company organises music competitions for the music lovers.
	['', 'online musical platform', ' ', 'musical battle', ' ', 'online entertainment', '']
Beep
	Operator of an online audio networking platform. The company provides a networked audio software that enables consumers to convert any speaker into an internet music streaming device.
	['', 'wireless speakers', ' ', 'audio software', ' ', 'online music', '']
L\'ArcoBaleno
	Provider of a curated marketplace and resource for exploring and purchasing furniture, lighting, crafts and decorative arts. The company\'s online platform mixes a curated marketplace with magazine-style content covering pieces across the spectrum of design ranging from furniture and crafts to architecture and technology.
	['', 'online furniture', ' ', 'decorative arts', ' ', 'contemporary lights', '']
QOBUZ
	Provider of an online music services platform. The company provides streaming music and offers a growing online catalogue featuring more than ten million tracks, including all the majors and leading independent record labels.
	['', 'music services', ' ', 'music tracks', ' records']
Sellbox
	Provider of an ecommerce platform. The company offers an online platform that enables designers, musicians, writers, developers to sell their videos, music albums, ebooks, games and other digital goods.
	['', 'ecommerce platform', ' ', 'digital product', ' ebook']
Songza Media
	Provider of a curated music streaming platform. The company offers free streaming music platlists curated by DJs, musicians, music critics and musicologists.
	['', 'music search engine', ' ', 'internet radio', ' ', 'music search', ' ', 'music playlist', ' ', 'mood music', '']
Soundtracker
	Provider of music streaming service that blends internet radio, social networking and location-awareness. The company provides an application and website that allows users to connect their mobile devices to the social and geographic aspects of music discovery.
	['', 'music streaming', ' ', 'internet radio', ' ', 'location awareness', ' ', 'geosocial internet radio', ' ', 'music discovery', '']
Jackalope Labs
	Operator of a fashion-retail site with curated, home-try-on selections. The company operates an electronic commerce site for men and women utilizing its own label, sending customers curated garment collections to try on at home and charging them for the garments they opt to keep.
	['', 'luxury clothing', ' ', "men\\'s apparel", ' ', "women\\'s apparel", ' ', 'internet retail', ' ', 'fashion retail', '']
