Metaboli (White Label Division)
	Provider of download stores for game publishers. The business offers commerce-as-a-service solutions for publishers of video games and their online retailers.
	['', 'video game', ' ', 'digital game', ' ', 'gaming console', '']
Mediastay
	Provider of an online advertising platform focusing on online games. The company provides a monetization platform that is used by 12 internally published games as well as third party games on the web or Facebook.
	['', 'social games', ' ', 'published games', ' ', 'monetization', '']
Headlock
	Developer of online games. The company develops online games and application software. It offers infrastructure provider for online game publishers.
	['', 'online games', ' gundam ', 'console games', '']
PlaySpan
	Provider of monetization solutions for online games, virtual worlds, and social networks. The company designs and develops virtual goods commerce and micro-payment platform for game publishers and developers.
	['', 'micropayment platform', ' ', 'micro-transaction platform', ' ', 'monetization solution', ' ', 'online game subscription', ' ', 'monetizing application', ' ', 'payment fraud prevention solution', ' ', 'alternate payment solution', ' ', 'pre-paid game card', ' ', 'social network payment solution', '']
Clan Match Exchange Good Game
	Provider of online gaming services. The company provides server exchange and tournament registrations for different online games.
	['', 'game server', ' ', 'online gaming services', ' server ', 'tournament registration', '']
Neowiz Games
	Developer and publisher of online games. The company offers diverse games of various genres, from sport to web board games in South Korea.
	['', 'online diverse games', ' ', 'game developer', ' ', 'gaming portal', '']
Owlient
	Publisher of online games. The company develops web games which also enables interaction between players.
	['', 'online games', '']
Rumble Entertainment
	Developer and publisher of multi-platform online games. The company provides free online games that are available across a variety of browsers, mobile devices and social networks. Its first offering is the interactive game "KingsRoad."
	['', 'interactive game', ' ', 'free mobile game', ' ', 'browser based game', '']
Electronic Arts
	The Company develops, markets, publishes and distributes video game software and content played by consumers, including video game consoles, personal computers, handheld game players and cellular handsets. It also provides online game-related services.
	['']
Riot Games
	Developer and publisher of an online games. The company offers multiplayer online battle arena and online games for consoles and the computers.
	['', 'online game', ' ', 'online title', ' ', 'web-based game', '']
fatfoogoo
	Provider of e-commerce services for online games. The company helps in monetization of online games and virtual worlds via micro-transactions. Their plug and play system supports publisher-to-player and player-to-player transactions, virtual currencies and traditional subscription models.
	['', 'e-commerce service', ' ', 'virtual currency', ' ', 'subscription model', ' ', 'micro-transactions', '']
IMI Exchange
	Operator of massively multiplayer online games. The company provides buying and selling sites for players of massively multiplayer online games.
	['virtual currency ', 'online games', '']
Press Play
	Operator of a game-development studio. The company creates online games for multiple platforms, including the Internet, XBox and mobile devices. The company is the creator of "Max: The Curse of Brotherhood," "Tentacles: Enter the Dolphin" and "Max and the Magic Marker."
	['', 'gaming service', ' ', 'multiple platform games', ' ', 'online game', '']
