Flashline
	Developer of asset management software for managing information technology and software assets. The company provides enterprise software reuse solutions that facilitate the rapid development of software systems for business.
	['', 'software reuse solution', ' ', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'business management software', '']
Foundstone
	Developer of software for detecting and managing software vulnerabilities. The company offers a combination of enterprise software, appliances, consulting services and education to help organizations protect their assets from threats.
	['', 'strategic security', ' ', 'network security', '']
NoemaLife
	Developer of clinical and hospital information technology softwares. The company\'s products include GALILEO, an enterprise electronic medical record software that manages and streamlines clinical-healthcare processes at the departmental, enterprise and regional levels.
	['', 'enterprise management', ' ', 'medical record software', ' ', 'regional level', '']
InsureWorx
	Provides enterprise and tactical software services. The company is an insurance software development company that provides enterprise and tactical software services for workers’ compensation, commercial property, casualty and risk administration organizations.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'insurance software', '']
edge IPK
	Provider of enterprise software services. The company engages in offering user experience platform that helps in managing browser enabled applications for any product.
	['', 'enterprise software services', ' ', 'user experience platform', ' ', 'enterprise application software', '']
Opzi
	Developer of social games. The company is the creator of games that can be played on iOS and Android devices. It is the creator of "Real Money Slots," a casino-style that can be played for actual money.
	['', 'Enterprise software', ' ', 'enterprise application', ' ', 'enterprise tool', ' ', 'IT solution', '']
Qrew
	Provider of cloud, peer-coaching software to companies that want to be able to provide on-the-job employee development (ED) support to all their employees. The company is a social networking software for peer-coaching programs, bringing the benefits of executive coaching to all employees in a company.
	['', 'peer-coaching software', ' ', 'peer coaching', ' ', 'Enterprise Software', '']
Encover
	Provider of enterprise software platform and seller of service contracts. The company\'s solution can be combined with sales professionals, multi-channel marketing programs, and multi-channel communication a self-service ecommerce engine.
	['', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'service contract', ' ', 'marketing program', ' ', 'ecommerce engine', '']
Fathom Technology
	Developer of enterprise software components. The company provides enterprise software components on the EJB2 and .NET platforms.
	['', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'software tools', '']
Superdata Technology
	Provider of management software packages for small businesses. The company develops and provides enterprise software for Chinese medium and small size companies.
	['', 'inventory module', ' ', 'payroll module', ' ', 'information technology', '']
Vanceinfo Technologies
	Provider of IT services and offers offshore software development services. The company offers research and development, quality assurance and testing, and custom application development. It also provides enterprise software implementation and maintenance services, specializing in applications from such vendors as Oracle and SAP. Its globalization and localization services include creating versions of software for different languages.
	['', 'IT service', ' ', 'offshore software development', '  ', 'custom application development', ' ', 'enterprise software implementation', ' ', 'software maintenance service', ' ', 'Software quality assurance', ' ', 'software testing', '']
Everstream
	Provider of enterprise business software and engineering services. The company offers enterprise software such as Data Suite, which provides architecture for data extraction, transformation, loading and storage of data.
	['', 'cable television operator', ' ', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'productivity software', '']
