MoPowered
	Developer and operator of transactional systems for mobile commerce, banking and payments. The company provides various software platforms to support retailers at every stage of website integration from site building, inventory cataloging and marketing through to mobile checkout.
	['', 'mobile commerce', ' ', 'financial serves', ' ', 'outsource services', ' ', 'mobile banking', '']
Uni-Power Guaranty Company
	Provider of financial guarantees. The company provides financial services to Chinese small and medium enterprises.
	['', 'SMEs financing', ' ', 'loan guarantee', ' ', 'loan financing', ' ', 'financial guarantee', ' ', 'bridge financing', '']
Fincentric
	Provider of retail banking and customer value management software to the financial services industry. The company\'s technology and services solutions help financial institutions automate key business processes. It serves customers in North America, Latin and Central America, and Europe.
	['', 'customer value management', ' ', 'retail banking', ' ', 'financial service', '']
FICS Group
	Provider of an internet based application for the financial services industry. The company provides java-based corporate electronic banking and central bank reporting software.
	['', 'smart card development', ' ', 'online transaction', ' ', 'fund transfer', '']
Ocean Films
	Provider of financial services to the film industry. The company primarily engages in the production of films and documentaries.
	['', 'movie producer', ' ', 'film producer', ' ', 'film production', ' ', 'movie production', ' documentary']
DoughNET
	Provider of tips and tools to teach kids how to manage their money or invest in the stock market. The company\'s educational portal site provides teens with online financial services and information, enabling them to make online purchases and donations.
	['', 'stock market', ' ', 'online purchase', ' ', 'financial services', ' donations ', 'educational portal site', '']
Wipit
	Provider of mobile payments and financial services. The company enables underbanked consumers to use cash for payments on their mobile phone with an integrated prepaid card. It also provides financial services such as international money transfer, mobile check deposit, bill payment and prepaid wireless replenishment.
	['', 'mobile payment', ' ', 'wireless telecom', ' ', 'prepaid stored value', '']
Fundamo
	Provider of financial services through mobile phones. The company provides financial services platform which allows mobile network operators and financial institutions to launch services to meet their requirements. It also also offers banking and allows users to make payments from their mobile phone.
	['', 'mobile financial services', ' ', 'mobile banking', ' ', 'mobile network operator', '']
Orchest
	Provider of financial services technology. The company is the developer of a platform enabling users to access a consolidated view of their personal financial information from multiple institutions.
	['', 'financial services', ' ', 'financial statement', '']
Distra
	Provider of social payments channels. The company enables financial institutions, processors and retailers to enhance the flexibility and performance of their existing payments infrastructure to address market needs.
	['', 'social payments channel', ' ', 'payment system', ' ', 'e-commerce', '']
Cellnext Solutions
	Provider of mobile VAS and enterprise services for mobile operators, media companies, and content providers enterprises. The company offers CellPAY, a mobile payment platform that enables customers to make payments using their mobile phones; CellMONEY, a mobile electronic pre-paid voucher that is distributed electronically via mobile phones; Wizone, a Web-based application for running text message mobile; cellPUSH, which allows high volume outgoing messages; Cellxpress shortcode platform, WHICH captures incoming messages on short access numbers and mobile content sale; Global Messaging Engine, which captures incoming messages and focuses on providing access numbers to the end users; cellDIAL, which enables automated out dial calls for enterprises; and cellPAPER, an MMS based platform that provides a new idea to publish rich content on mobile.
	['', 'mobile payment platform', ' ', 'mobile VAS', ' ', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'product authentication', '']
ENQIO Holding
	Provider of software for in-depth analyses of company data. The company allows management to calculate risks in a timely fashion and make informed, corporate decisions. It is primarily focused on the telecom, financial, public and media sectors.
	['', 'data analyses', ' ', 'decision making', ' ', 'risk calculation', '']
The Business Backer
	Provider of working capital financing. The company provides financial services to small businesses throughout the US.
	['', 'financing option', ' ', 'business owner', ' ', 'working capital', '']
