Green Bullion Financial Services
	Provider of a platform to buy gold from individuals via the mail. The company provides ready cash at a discount in exchange for valuables.
	['', 'jewelry exchange', ' ', 'gold purchasing', ' ', 'gold buying', '']
PowerInbox
	Developer of e-mail application platform. The company enables users to run applications from inside their e-mail messages. Its open app platform enables developers to create apps that run on e-mail using HTML5.
	['', 'email application', ' ', 'create application', ' ', 'open platform', ' ', 'application platform', '']
Outbox
	Provider of an online service that digitizes postal mail and makes it available online and on mobile devices. The company collects and manages postal mail on users\' behalf, discarding junk mail and enabling users to organize, prioritize or unsubscribe on any piece of mail.
	['', 'mail interception', ' email ', 'post office', ' ', 'digital mailbox', ' ', 'snail mail', ' ', 'digital mail', ' mailbox']
EveryArt
	Operator of an online art gallery. The company\'s platform allows the visitor to commission an art piece from a diverse portfolio of artists on the web to create an original piece of art for them.
	['', 'art gallery', ' ', 'art piece', ' portfolio masterpiece']
SurfControl
	Developer of internet and e-mail filtering software. The company protects organizations with multiple layers of threat protection that filter inbound, outbound and internal internet traffic.
	['', 'threat protection', ' ', 'Internet security', ' spyware']
Citizen Logistics
	Developer of mobile-collaboration software. The company provides a platform enabling users to collaborate with others via SMS, IM, e-mail or Twitter. The platform contains map tools as well as tools for organizing teams by locations, interests and skills.
	['', 'web service', ' ', 'mobile device', ' ', 'online community platform', '']
Hotmail
	Provider of Web-based e-mail services. The company electronic mail being accessible via the internet enables Hotmail users to conduct e-mail correspondence from anywhere.
	['', 'e-mail services', ' web']
Postini
	Provider of on-demand communications security, compliance, and productivity solutions for email, instant messaging (IM), and the Web in North America and Europe. The company offers e-mail system administration applications and software for redirecting e-mail to wireless devices.
	['', 'communication security', ' ', 'productivity solution', ' ', 'reporting solution', ' ', 'professional service', '']
Blackspider Technologies
	Provider of managed e-mail security solutions. The company\'s security solutions delivers e-mail content filtering services to organizations, enabling them to block the spam and e-mail borne computer viruses before they enter company networks.
	['', 'e-mail security solutions', ' ', 'e-mail content filtering services', ' ', 'blocking viruses and spams', ' ', 'web security', ' ', 'managed security services', '']
PTS Messaging
	Provider of Internet call waiting and voice mail services. The company\'s services includes caller ID, personal greetings, call screening, call answer, call forwarding, voice mail and e-mail or phone-message retrieval.
	['', 'voicemail', ' ', 'call screening', ' ', 'software services', '']
