Gyros
	Developer of automated micro-immunoassays for therapeutic protein development. The company develops a microfluidics technology for processing and analysis of proteins and blood samples.
	['', 'automate immunoassays', ' ', 'therapeutic protein development', ' ', 'medical device', '']
Xsira Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of drugs that regulate G protein-coupled receptors. The Company produces patented platform technology for deorphanization and drug discovery of G protein-coupled receptors using a single universal fluorescent assay.
	['', 'healthcare services', '']
BioMicro Systems
	Developer of biological research products for the life sciences community. The company’s products include microarray hybridization instruments that automate the fluid processing of concentrated microarray samples; mixer hybridization chambers for processing multiple microarray samples on a single slide; and wash systems to automate post-hybridization protocols. It also offers labeling-based applications and kits for FISH, arrayCGH, microRNA microarrays, gene expression microarrays, and protein arrays.
	['', 'biological research product', ' ', 'microarray hybridization instrument', ' ', 'microarray sample', ' ', 'protein array', '']
Neugenesis
	Developer of technology for the discovery, improvement and production of complex proteins especially heteromeric proteins. The company develops platforms that help in the discovery and production of complex proteins for biopharmaceutical industries.
	['biotherapeutics ', 'veterinary vaccines', ' ', 'bio therapeutics', ' enzyme protein']
Cytomyx Holdings
	Operator of a life-sciences holding company. The company, through its subsidiaries, develops gene- and protein-based tools to support pharmaceutical companies and researchers in the development of drugs. The company also provides outsourced pharmaceutical research and development, human biology research products and services, and diagnostic products, as well as distributing third parties’ products.
	['', 'pharmaceutical company', ' ', 'protein tools', ' ', 'human biology', '']
Plant Genetic Systems
	Developer of genetically engineered plants. The company is a biotech company lacated in Ghent, Belgium. The was the first (in 1985) to develop genetically engineered (tobacco) plants with insect tolerance by expressing genes encoding for insecticidal proteins from Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt).
	['', 'genetic engineering', ' ', 'plants', ' ', 'insecticidal protein', '']
Epitome Biosystems
	Developer of technology to measure protein biomarkers and intracellular infrastruture. The company has developed a system using antibody microarrays to provide   measurement of protein biomarkers and intracellular signalling pathways.
	['', 'protein measurement', ' ', 'phosphorylation measurement', ' ', 'biological system', ' ', 'drug discovery', '']
Covalys
	Developer of tools for protein research. The company provides protein-labeling products. The company\'s products help researchers in academic institutions, pharmaceutical and biotech companies to improve the efficiency of research into proteins and their function.
	['', 'protein research', ' ', 'protein labeling', ' ', 'drug discovery', '']
Akubio
	Provider of acoustic detection systems for real time analysis of bio-molecular behavior. The company develops acoustic biosensor instrument products for use in protein research and drug development.
	['', 'drug discovery', ' ', 'acoustic biosensor', ' ', 'biomolecular interactions', ' ', 'detection technology', ' ', 'protein interactions', '']
Borean Pharma
	Developer of pharmaceutical protein products. The compan develops a protein technology platform that helps to identify and produce molecular binders based on naturally occurring human proteins.
	['', 'molecular binders', ' ', 'healthcare services', '']
Proteopure
	Provider of protein isolation for proteomic results. The company provides a universal method for isolating proteins. It also uses a protein capture technology and can specifically separate out proteins from various contaminants, including salts, nucleic acids and detergents.
	['', 'protein isolation solution', ' ', 'proteomic result', ' ', 'nucleic acid', '']
Pieris
	Developer of proprietary anticalin technology. The company\'s product Anticalin, is derived from human lipocalins, rationally engineered to solve for the pharmacological and pharmaceutical limitations of both protein- and non-protein-based drug platforms.
	['', 'protein therapeutic', ' ', 'anticalin technology', ' ', 'drug platform', '']
neXyte
	Operator of a research oriented biotech start-up company. The company develops native-like human proteins in a novel patented protein production system for pharmaceutical and biotech markets.
	['', 'human proteins', ' ', 'protein production', ' ', 'native-like human proteins', '']
Axovan
	Operator of a biopharmaceutical research company. The company is involved in the discovery of drugs linked to G protein-coupled receptors.
	['post-genomic ', 'human genome', ' G-protein GPCRs']
Biovation
	Provider of pharmaceutical research services. The company provides antibody and protein engineering technologies.
	['', 'pharmaceutical research', ' ', 'healthcare service', ' ', 'antibody engineering technology', '  ', 'protein engineering technology', '']
