Absolute Capital Management
	Operator and manager of funds. The company provides investment management and advisory services to mutual funds.
	['', 'mutual fund', ' ', 'fund manager', ' ', 'investment bank', '']
Money Workout
	Operator of a mortgage and insurance price comparison website. The company purchases and generates mortgage enquiries that it matches with the available mortgage products in the market. It also offers related advisory services for consumers, lead generators and lenders.
	['', 'insurance price', ' ', 'mortgage business', ' ', 'price comparison', '']
Energy Response
	Provider of advisory services that facilitates the buying and selling of energy. The company provides strategic advice relating to market development and reform, market access, transmission, distribution and retail issues, regulation issues, competition policy, governance arrangements, legislative and institutional arrangements and user participation issues.
	['', 'electricity market', ' ', 'price risk management', ' ', 'network support', ' ', 'electricity distribution', '']
Forum-Défi
	Provider of advisory and consulting services. The company provides advisory and consulting services about furniture design and multimedia to companies and individuals.
	['', 'advisory service', '']
The SLTN Group
	Provider of consulting and advisory services for implementation, management and migration of issues in profit and non-profit organizations. The company along with its four divisions provides software and hardware solutions for eServer hardware platforms, financial advisors and software vendors for consolidation, virtualization, designing infrastructure for managed cloud services.
	['BPO eServer ', 'advisory services', ' ', 'cloud services', '']
HelloWallet
	Provider of online financial advisory services. The company helps workers to manage their overall household finances by finding the money to boost their contributions to retirement savings and reduce debt.
	['', 'financial advice', ' ', 'financial guidance', ' ', 'personal finance management', ' ', 'household finance', ' ', 'retirement saving', '']
Cleantech Group
	Provider of an online platform for corporates to connect with potential customers, strategic partners and investors. The company offers i3 an online platform which enables corporates to build and manage their pipeline, market their technology interests to start-ups globally, and gain insight into various sectors. It also offers advisory services related to expertise designing of products and services to the Cleantech companies.
	['']
Digital Campaigns
	Provider of information management and IP-enabled solutions for political, non-profit and special interest groups. The company offers database-driven information management solutions for campaign management and fundraising management. The company also provides strategic advisory services to the customers in getting advantage out of new digital technologies.
	['ASP', 'information management', ' ', 'digital technologies', 'real-time ePhone', 'telephone-based campaign', '']
Venture Farm
	Provider of finance and advisory services. The company provides direct investments and execution assistance to entrepreneurs and early stage companies.
	['', 'managed capital', ' ', 'advisory services', ' ', 'growth funding', '']
Thomas Weisel Partners Group
	Operator of an investment bank. The company offers investment banking, brokerage, equity research and asset management. The company\'s services include mergers and acquisition advisory, institutional sales and wealth management. The company focuses on  health care, mining, consumer products and services sectors.
	['', 'investment bank', ' brokerage ', 'asset management', ' ', 'consumer products', '']
Club Parafarmacia Online
	Operator of an online store that provides para-pharmaceutical products. The company engages in providing cosmetics and healthcare product online. It also provides medical advisory services to its customers.
	['', 'para-pharmaceutical product', ' ', 'medical advisory services', ' ', 'medical advice', ' ', 'cosmetic products', '']
GoIndustry Dovebid
	Provider of asset management Services. The company offers auction and valuation services relating to industrial equipment.
	['', 'asset management', ' auction ', 'industrial equipment', ' valuation']
USBX Advisory Services
	Provider of investment advisory services to businesses. The company provides merger & acquisition advisory services, valuation services, institutional private placement and related strategic advisory services.
	['', 'investment advisory', ' ', 'financial advisory', ' ', 'strategic advisory service', '']
