Alkaline Water Company
	Provider of alkaline water where minerals are infused in the water, along with a 8.4 pH level. The company provides alkaline water through a consumer oriented bulk delivery system aimed at removing expensive small bottles from the distribution supply chain.
	['', 'alkaline water', ' ', 'mineral water', ' ', 'consumer product', '']
inge watertechnologies
	Provider of ultra-filtration technology for water treatment. The company offers a membrane process used to treat drinking water, process water, wastewater and sea water.
	['filtration ', 'water filtration', ' ', 'water filter', '']
Pressure Products
	Manufacturer of an add on accessory water pack. The company offers pressurized hydration packs that gives access to pressurized water that users do not have to suck from the pack to drink or use it for other purpose.
	['', 'add on accessory', ' accessory ', 'hydration pack', ' ', 'pressurized water', '']
Alpha Membrane
	Manufacturer of filtration-membrane products. The company manufactures dialyzers, dialyzer assembly equipment, fiber and water-filtration modules, as well as providing contract services for module manufacturing. It also provides engineering services for turnkey manufacturing technologies. The company focuses on its four key application areas: medical, water, biotech and industrial membrane products.
	['', 'water filter', ' ', 'water filtration', ' membrane']
Spiralcat
	Provider of water and biofuel renewable services. The company recovers water and biofuel using harvesting systems that transform waste into valuable energy and water resources.
	['biofuel ', 'soil fertility', ' ', 'usable resources', '']
Clean Filtration Technologies
	Developer of water treatment technology. The company produces the CFT Turboclone hydroclone system, a patented water filtration device designed to efficiently reduce total suspended solids from difficult-to-filter water.
	['', 'water treatment', ' ', 'water filtration device', ' ', 'suspended solid filtration', '']
WaterClean
	Developer of diaphragmatic process for water purification and surface disinfection. The company offers drinking water and plant surface disinfectants which are used to eliminate germs, pesticides, mycobacteria, biofilms, microorganisms, fungus and yeasts.
	['', 'drinking water', ' ', 'membrane electrolysis', ' ', 'water purification', ' ', 'surface disinfection', '']
iCeutica
	Manufacturer and provider of branded medicines. The company offers SoluMatrix platform, a drug reformulation and delivery technology for poorly water-soluble compounds.
	['', 'branded medicines', ' SoluMatrix water-soluble compounds']
Ocean Breeze Waterpark
	Operator of a water park company. The company offers amenities that includes rides and attractions, watershed programs and children areas. The company also offers gallon wave pool and a children\'s water playground.
	['', 'water park', ' slides ', 'watershed programs', ' ', 'water playground', '']
Medesa Technology
	Developer of desalination technology. The company is the creator of a proprietary water-treatment technology aimed at production of smaller capacities (100 to 500 cubic meters of driking water per diem. The company\'s treatment units are small enough to be transportable by container, ship, lorry and helicopter, and are designed to be grid-independent.
	['', 'water treatment', ' desalination ', 'water filtration', ' ', 'desalination equipment', '']
