Basil Corporation
	Manufacturer of specialized equipment for the laboratory and scientific markets. The company makes laboratory washing equipment and devices.
	['', 'laboratory equipment', ' ', 'scientific devices', ' ', 'medical equipment', '']
CSM Instruments
	Provider of laboratory instruments. The company develops, produces and sells laboratory instruments for the characterization of mechanical properties on material surfaces at the micro and nano scales.
	['', 'laboratory instrument', ' ', 'industrial product', ' ', 'commercial product', '']
Advanced Technologies Center
	Developer and manufacturer of scanning probe microscopes and its software. The company\'s products are used for the study of surface morphology and local properties, Internet laboratory and Internet practical studies on nanoscopy, scientific research and development in nanotechnology, scanning probe microscopy measurements and composition of bibliography reports.
	['', 'scanning probe microscope', ' nanoscopy ', 'scientific research', ' nanotechnology']
AdzCentral
	Developer of a scientific media buying platform. The company offers automated digital ad buying, campaign measurement, analytics, and visitor profiling.
	['', 'media buying', ' ', 'ad-matching', ' ', 'programmatic buying', ' ', 'smart media buying', '  ', 'campaign measurement', '']
Hedson Technologies International
	Provider of washing, drying and handling equipment. The company engages in the manufacture of gun cleaning devices, wheel washers and infrared curing equipment in the automotive after market sector.
	['', 'handling equipment', ' ', 'gun cleaning device', ' ', 'wheel washer', '']
Cellaris
	Developer of ceramic foams. The company engages in producing industrial and laboratory heating systems, fuel cells, insulation for aircraft, rockets and satellites.
	['', 'ceramic foams', ' ', 'heating systems', ' heat-resistant']
AMSCO Scientific
	Developer of scientific capital equipment. The company specializes in industrial and laboratory sterilizers, laboratory glassware and animal care washing equipment, absolute barrier isolators and sterility assurance products and supplies.
	['', 'medical equipment', ' ', 'barrier isolator', ' ', 'pharmaceutical production', '']
Pacific Grain and Foods
	Provider of dry foods and animal feeds. The company supplies edible beans, rice, grains and spices to the food services industry.
	['', 'organic products', ' ', 'dry food', ' spices']
