PIA-Engineering
	Manufacturer of moving and lifting appliances. The company designs and delivers rolling, moving, sliding and lifting appliances required as per customer specifications.
	['', 'sliding appliances', ' ', 'lifting appliances', ' ', 'rolling appliances', ' ', 'engineering services', ' ', 'rolling devices', '']
CipherActive
	Developer of a software for video coding. The company develops and markets accelerated standard encryption systems enabling wide usage of cryptography in resource constrained environments.
	['', 'video coding', ' accelerated ', 'standard encryption', '']
Groxis
	Developer of visual search technology and graphical information interface solutions. The company develops and markets Grokker, a Web-based enterprise search management platform that leverages federated content access and visualization for enterprises, universities, content publishers, libraries, and other research-intensive organizations.
	['', 'visual search', ' ', 'search management', ' ', 'graphical information', '']
Qumu (acquired 2011)
	Provider of appliances, hosted solutions, and enterprise video communications software.
	['enterprise video webcast ', 'hosted solution', '']
Tricord Systems
	Developer of server appliances. The company develops and markets a wide range of server appliances for content-intensive applications.
	['', 'server appliances', ' ', 'storage appliance', ' content-intensive ', 'data storage', '']
Tharas Systems
	Developer of verification appliances. The company\'s appliances are used for shortening the verification cycle of integrated circuits and electronic systems.
	['', 'verification applications', ' ', 'integrated circuits', ' ', 'electronic systems', '']
Redline Networks
	Manufacturer of network appliances. The company\'s family of E|X application front end network appliances, deployed at corporate data centers, and T|X Web I/O processors, used by Web sites, are designed to control and customize any HTTP-based environment while reducing infrastructure cost and complexity.
	['', 'enterprise data', ' ', 'network ready', ' ', 'internet infrastructure', '']
Connected Data
	Developer of social storage appliances. The company provides products enabling consumers, professionals and small businesses to securely group, share and protect data.
	['', 'social storage appliance', ' ', 'data protection', ' ', 'data sharing', '']
V-Secure Technologies
	Provider of vigilant network intrusion prevention technologies. The company provides adaptive, self-learning IPS network appliances that delivers protection against a wide range of network attacks, including denial of service (DoS), distributed denial of service (DDoS), worm propagation, pre-attack probes and many others.
	['', 'network intrusion', ' ', 'prevention technologies', ' ', 'network appliances', '']
Virident Systems
	Provider of server side flash storage for the enterprise that delivers consistent performance to data intensive applications. The company\'s services enable enterprises to tackle performance intensive enterprise applications with enterprise flash storage and Solid State Disks (SSD) for database.
	['', 'cloud computing', ' ', 'storage service', ' ', 'data centric technology', ' ', 'flash storage', '']
Rapport, Inc.
	Developer of embedded application chips for computer intensive applications. The company\'s chips are deployed in accelerator boards and high performance systems for government and commercial services ranging from intelligent sensor modules to networking devices.
	['', 'electronic chips', ' ', 'computer intensive application', ' ', 'sensor module', ' ', 'networking device', ' ', 'embedded application chip', '']
Red Elite de Electrodomesticos
	Operator of a chain of retail and franchise outlets selling electrical household appliances. The company offers a joint distribution of household appliances and digital technology coverage nationwide. The company offers appliances such as portable audio, air conditioner, home theater, television, kitchen appliances and various digital equipments.
	['', 'household appliance', ' ', 'digital technology', ' ', 'portable audio', ' ', 'kitchen appliances', '']
