DOCLIX
	Developer of pay-per-click advertising network. The company offers an online platform that delivers text advertisements within a controlled environment of quality content sites for advertisers as well as allows content publishers to customize the presentation of advertisements on their sites and to create new advertisement placements on under-monetized sections of each page or site.
	['', 'advertising network', ' ', 'online platform', ' ', 'quality content', ' ', 'text advertisement', '']
Online Marketing Group
	Operator of an online directory network. The company offers marketing services to businesses operating in Australia, by linking them to potential customers through their online directories. It allows businesses to create mini-websites and upload their logo, photos or video, promote special offers and share customer testimonials.
	['', 'online directory', ' ', 'customer acquisition', ' ', 'website development', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
Jotspot
	Provider of wiki based application. The company enable users to create, publish and share collaborative and personalized wiki applications which include project manager, for managing projects; bug reporter, for tracking bugs; live, for group note taking; and a blogging application.
	['', 'wiki applications', ' ', 'bug reporter', ' blog']
AVM Software
	Provider of video enabled chat room service. The company offers public screening rooms, which allows its users to enter a chat room and watch a streaming video together while chatting.
	['', 'chat room service', ' ', 'video watching', ' ', 'online chatting', '']
Smartclip Holding
	Provider of a network platform that enables advertisers and agencies to expand their TV campaigns to the Internet. The company delivers video advertising across various platforms, such as mobile devices, TV screens and computers. It provides various tools that enable advertisers to reach, engage and persuade their audience.
	['', 'network platform', ' ', 'online video advertising', ' ', 'advertising network', '']
Videostrip
	Provider of an online video advertising network. The company provides an online video platform that allows users to create and publish video sites and banners in the Netherlands.
	['', 'video advertising', ' ', 'video publishing', ' ', 'online video', ' ', 'video platform', '']
LiveRail
	Provider of online video advertising services. The company’s suite enables video campaign management, advertisement unit support, campaign reporting, advertisement optimizing, video sample integration and video distribution and monitoring services. It provides advertisement source optimization, syndication reporting and share accounting services.
	['', 'online video advertising', ' ', 'online advertising service', ' ', 'video campaign management', ' ', 'monitoring service', '']
This Technology
	Developer of software for video advertising insertion. The company helps MVPDs and programmers navigate changing business and technical landscapes with technology that ensure the right content gets to the right people on the right devices.
	['', 'video advertising', ' ', 'digital content', ' ', 'advertising inventory management', '']
ShareFile
	Provider of software solutions that help businesses exchange files. The company offers an online file storage solution that allows users to create a custom-branded password-protected area where users exchange business files with clients
	['', 'software solution', ' ', 'businesses exchange file', ' ', 'online file storage', ' storage']
Kingmaker
	Provider of an online video shopping network. The company provides consumers with the information they need to learn practical skills and make educated purchases.
	['e-commerce ', 'video shopping', ' ', 'video commerce', '']
