Ballard Power Systems
	Ballard Power Systems Inc was incorporated in the State of Canada on November 12, 2008. It is a clean energy growth company. The company is engaged in proton exchange membrane (PEM) fuel cell development and commercialization. The Company\'s main business is the design, development, manufacture, sale and service of fuel cell products for a variety of applications, focusing on motive power (material handling and buses) and stationary power (back-up power, supplemental power, and distributed generation). A fuel cell is an environmentally clean electrochemical device that combines hydrogen fuel with oxygen (from the air) to produce electricity. Ballard fuel cell products feature high fuel efficiency, low operating temperature, low noise and vibration, compact size, quick response to changes in electrical demand, modular design and environmental cleanliness. The Company has four principal subsidiaries and affiliates: Ballard Fuel Cell Systems Inc., an Oregon corporation that develops methanol-fueled clean energy backup power systems; Dantherm Power A/S ("Dantherm Power"), a Denmark-based corporation jointly owned with Dantherm A/S that develops hydrogen-fueled clean energy backup power systems; BDF IP Holdings Ltd. ("IP Holdings"), a Canadian corporation that holds intellectual property assets; and Ballard Material Products Inc., a Delaware corporation that formerly developed and manufactured carbon fiber products for use in the automotive and fuel cell markets, and which now focuses on the development of fuel processing components and systems for use in fuel cell applications.
	['', 'fuel cells', '']
Greenvironment
	Developer of micro-turbine technology.The company offers CHP plants in a power range of 30 kWel to 1 MWel with low maintenance requirements and low emissions.
	['', 'turbine technology', ', ', 'power plant', ', ', 'biogas', '']
CarouCell
	Developer of equipment for in vitro drug-testing methods. The company is the creator of a novel, single-use perfusion bioreactor, to create three-dimensional cell cultures for research. Its device, which grows cells in an extra-cellular matrix that supports three-dimensionality, has been developed as an improvement over the standard two-dimensional environment of cells cultured in petri dishes.
	['bioreactor ', 'three dimensional cells', ' ', 'pharmaceutical industry', '']
Cellaris
	Developer of ceramic foams. The company engages in producing industrial and laboratory heating systems, fuel cells, insulation for aircraft, rockets and satellites.
	['', 'ceramic foams', ' ', 'heating systems', ' heat-resistant']
Pemeas
	Supplier of key components and subsystems to the fuel-cell industry. The company has two divisions. The Celtec division of Pemeas is focused on the development and commercialization of high temperature membranes and MEAs. The E-TEK division of Pemeas is developing precious-metal catalysts and electrode technology.
	['', 'fuel cell', ' ', 'high temperature membranes', ' ', 'electrode technology', ' ', 'metal catalyst technology', '']
Cbana Laboratories
	Developer of microfluidic and microanalytical devices for both government and private entities. The company offers miniaturized sensors for homeland security, medical diagnostics, and micro fuel cells.
	['', 'home land security', ' ', 'portable security', ' ', 'healthcare security', ' ', 'micro analytical device', '']
Elmicron
	Manufacturer and developer of micro-mechanical components for technical applications. The company offers precision electro-forming and engineering specialized for micro-technological applications.
	['micromechanical engineering ', 'technical applications', '']
H2Gen
	Manufacturer of low-cost and small-scale hydrogen generators. The company provides these hydrogen generation machines to target the the emerging fuel cell vehicle and distributed fuel cell power generation markets.
	['generator ', 'steam methane', ' ', 'purification plant', ' hydrogen']
UltraCell
	Developer and seller of integrated fuel cell systems. The company provides portable power source for computing, communications and sensing devices.
	['', 'fuel cell', ' ', 'portable power', ' ', 'sensing device', '']
BioFuelBox
	Provider of a process that treats the lipid content of municipal wastewater and municipal FOG. The company also serves fuel distributors and blenders, and high-volume fuel users.
	['', 'municipal wastewater', ' ', 'algae paste', ' ', 'waste fat', ' ', 'air flotation waste', '']
PolyFuel
	Developer of micro fuel cells using direct methanol fuel cell technologies.
	['', 'micro fuel cell', ' ', 'fuel cell technology', ' ', 'methanol fuel', ' ', 'hybrid power', '']
