ishoni Networks
	Developer of broadband communication gateway technology. The company develops highly integrated Broadband Gateway Engines for OEMs to provide easy voice and Internet service over a single broadband connection to residential and small business customers. Its platform enhance technologies such as xDSL, cable modems, voice over IP, home networking over phone lines (using HomePNA specifications) and wireless technologies, to provide shared Internet access throughout the small business or home.
	['', 'broadband communication', ' ', 'broadband technology', ' ', 'broadband gateway', ' ', 'gateway engine', ' ', 'broadband connection', ' ', 'cable modem', ' ', 'home networking', ' ', 'wireless technology', '']
Telaxis Communications
	Developer of broadband and wireless access equipments. The company develops and supplies high-speed or broadband, wireless access equipment used by network service providers to deliver integrated voice, video and data services to business and residential subscribers.
	['', 'wireless equipments', ' ', 'wireless communication equipments', ' ', 'connectivity equipments', ' electronics']
AirPrime
	Provider of high-speed, code division multiple access wireless data and voice products to the original equipment manufacturer market. The company focuses on providing the optimal current and next-generation wireless access products for use in handheld devices, notebook PCs and internet appliances.
	['', 'wireless access solutions', ' ', 'wireless access products', ' ', 'wireless data', ' ', 'voice modules', '']
Authix Technologies
	Developer of a product authentication system. The company designs small unique tags that will be inserted in each package or within the items to be purchased.
	['', 'product authentication system', ' ', 'wireless device', ' ', 'product tag', '']
Antcor
	Provider of Wi-Fi software products and services. The company provides LTE simulation and emulation products and services to the broadband wireless access market. Its product IkarusOS is a network operating system for broadband wireless networking devices which integrates wireless and networking functions.
	['', 'wireless connection', ' ', 'broadband service', ' ', 'wireless networking', '']
DBS Communications
	Provider of prepaid wireless services nationally. The company uses its proprietary technology platform to create distinctive prepaid products across wireless carrier networks and handset technologies. The company creates products for a defined distribution channel and works with its business partners to enable wireless programs for select distribution channels and market segments.
	['', 'mobile virtual network operators', ' ', 'wireless communication', '']
Orthogon Systems
	Provider of wireless Ethernet bridges and carrier-grade point-to-point broadband wireless systems. The company serves the corporate, government, healthcare, Internet service providers, and education markets in the United States, Europe, and Asia Pacific regions.
	['ethernet ', 'wireless system', ' ', 'point to point', ' ', 'broadband wireless', '']
Morphics Technology
	Provider of programmable signal processor semiconductors and software solutions for use in wireless infrastructure and terminals. The company supplies off-the-shelf wireless signal processors (WSPs) which enables broadband service using 3G wireless network.
	['', 'signal processor', ' ', 'software solutions', ' ', '3G wireless network', ' ', 'broadband service', '']
VT Silicon
	Manufacturer of multi-band radio frequency integrated circuit solutions for the mobile wireless broadband market. The company’s linearization technologies enable original equipment manufacturers, original design manufacturers, and reference design houses to manufacture broadband modules and transceivers.
	['', 'integrated circuit solution', ' ', 'broadband module', ' ', 'wireless broadband', ' ', 'linearization technology', '']
MetroFi
	Designer of Wi-Fi Internet networks and wireless broadband services. The company partners with city governments, local business advertisers, Internet service providers and other companies to deliver wireless broadband service to the communities in which it operates.
	['', 'Wi-Fi internet', ' ', 'broadband service', ' ', 'wireless broadband service', '']
Radionet
	Provider of products and technology for large-scale outdoor wireless networks. The company develops solutions for citywide Wireless Hotzones and community networks, mobile broadband solutions for industrial applications such as ports and mines, and link solutions for wireless backhaul and building-to-building links.
	['', 'broadband networks', ' ', 'Power Utilities', ' broadcasts city-wide']
Pocket Communications Northeast
	Provider of flat rate, unlimited wireless voice and data services. The company offers a flat rate service which allows customers to place and receive unlimited wireless calls within a\nlocal service area for a flat monthly fee.
	['', 'wireless telecommunication', ' ', 'data service', ' ', 'wireless network', '']
BOB
	Provider of wireless broadband services. The company offers internet services, business continuity plans, MPLS, point-to-point connections, online data backup, and data storage services to businesses.
	['', 'wireless broadband service', ' ', 'online data backup', ' ', 'internet service', ' ', 'data center service', '']
Go Networks
	Provider of broadband wireless access services for indoor and outdoor deployments. The company offers micro cellular Wi-Fi sector base stations, Pico cellular Wi-Fi base stations, wireless media gateways, wireless network controllers and network management systems. It also has a research and development center in Israel.
	['', 'broadband wireless access', ' ', 'wireless network controller', ' ', 'network management system', '']
Irish Broadband Internet Services
	Provider of broadband internet access services in Ireland.
	['', 'broadband access', ' bandwidth ', 'internet connectivity', '']
Advanced Radio Cells
	Manufacturer of wireless broadband access products.
	['', 'wireless broadband', ' ', 'wireless access', ' ', 'wireless product', '']
