Quidsi
	Operator of an online retail shop for baby care, health, beauty, and household essentials. The company offers diapers, baby food, juices, nutritional supplements, snacks, cereal, toys and books, and clothing and shoes; and feeding and nursing, bath and skin care, safety, gear, and nursery products, as well as products for moms and maternity.
	['', 'baby care', ' ', 'household essential', ' ', 'online retail shop', '']
MotoSport
	Distributor of off-road motorcycle and all-terrain vehicle parts and equipment. The company offers bars and controls, body components, brakes, drive components, engine components, exhausts, graphics, suspension, tires, wheels, and intake components. It also distributes gear, boots, helmets, goggles, hydration packs, protective gear, gear bags, men’s casual clothing, women’s casual clothing, clearance gear, kid’s gear, pants, jerseys, gloves, and pajamas, as well as sells miscellaneous items, such as DVDs, sunglasses, tools, ramps and stands, chemicals, and original equipment manufacturer parts.
	['', 'vehicle part', ' ', 'vehicle equipment', ' ', 'engine component', ' ', 'bike rider accessory', ' ', 'retailer of motorcycle', ' ', 'ATV part', ' ', 'sports apparel', ' ', 'off road vehicle', ' ', 'all terrain vehicle', '']
Breastfeeding.com
	Provider of support and information on breastfeeding for first-time moms. The company operates an online community of mothers and birth related medical professionals for support and advice. It also provides information and support on various child health and growth issues ranging from child care and safety to potty training and teething.
	['', 'online community', ' ', 'medical professional', ' ', 'child care', ' ', 'child health', '']
NearbyNow
	Provider of on line services to retailers and shopping centers that allow consumers to search local store inventory using the Internet or mobile phones. The company offers information on baby products, such as car seats, clothes, furniture, highchairs and feedings, shoes, slings and carriers, and strollers; bathroom furniture, blankets, comforters, mirrors, pillows, rugs, shower curtains, toilet accessories, and towels; maternity products, including clothing and personal care; and clothing and accessories, including athletic and workout products, belts, blazers and sport coats, dresses, handbags and wallets, hoodies and sweatshirts, jeans, lingerie, outerwear, pants, petites, shirts and tops, shorts, skirts, sleepwear, socks and hosiery, suits, sweaters, swimwear, ties, and underwear products.
	['', 'on-line marketing service', ' ', 'local store inventory', ' ', 'on line retail shop', ' ', 'on-line local market shopping', ' ', 'mobile shopping application', ' ', 'local store inventory information', ' ', 'scan local market product', ' ', 'nearby store information', ' ', 'local shopping center information', '']
Private Outlet
	Operator of an online store. The company focuses on private sales of fashion items including clothing and accessories. The company offers fashion, athletics, beauty, interior decoration as well as small appliances to customers.
	['', 'online store', ' ', 'small appliances', '']
Casabu
	Operator of an online flash sales site. The company focuses on maternity and child products including clothing, toys, nursery equipment, maternity gear and treats for mothers.
	['', 'online flash sales', ' ', 'online site', ' ', 'online store', ' ', 'children’s brand', '']
Beijing Redbaby Internet Technology Co.
	Operator of an eCommerce platform. The company offers baby care and maternity products in China. Its product includes baby food, diapers and toys, cosmetics, packaged milk and nutritional supplements.
	['', 'ecommerce platform', ' ', 'consumer durables', ' ', 'baby food', '']
Clarus (acquired)
	Provider of B2B procurement software and trading services. The company develops, manufactures and distributes a broad range of products including carabiners, protection devices, belay and rappel equipment, helmets, ropes, ice-climbing gear, backcountry gear, technical backpacks, high-end day packs, tents, trekking poles, gloves, skis, ski bindings and ski boots.
	['', 'outdoor equipment', ' ', 'lifestyle products', ' helmets']
