Visionix
	Manufacturer and distributor of equipment used by opthalmologists and opticians for eye surgeries.
	['', 'opthalmologic equipment', ' ', 'surgical equipment', ' ', 'healthcare equipment', '']
Support Technologies
	Manufacturer of automatic computer test equipment for use by firms designing, servicing and manufacturing electronic-based products. The company\'s products consisted of ROM emulator and diagnostic tester.
	['', 'computer equipment', ' ', 'electronic products', ' ', 'test equipment', '']
Cadant
	Supplier of carrier-class cable modem termination systems. The company focuses on designing networking products that are targeted towards cable, wireless cable and satellite-based data networks that connect to the internet and the world wide web.
	['', 'cable modem termination systems', ' ', 'networking products', '']
Basil Corporation
	Manufacturer of specialized equipment for the laboratory and scientific markets. The company makes laboratory washing equipment and devices.
	['', 'laboratory equipment', ' ', 'scientific devices', ' ', 'medical equipment', '']
Zenverge
	Provider of semiconductors for digital media products. The company is developer of content networking ICs built around the patented TransAll technology, a core requirement for next generation video services gateways.
	['', 'digital media', ' ', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'video networking', ' ', 'networking equipment', ' ', 'desktop media', '']
Nortel Networks
	Manufacturer of networking products. The company is a manufacturer of equipment for telecommunications and data networking.
	['', 'networking equipment', '  ', 'data networking equipment', ' ', 'cable operators', '']
IntenseDebate
	Developer of commenting systems for blogs and other web platforms. The company offers networking system to blog readers to link their profiles, make friends and syndicate their comments.
	['', 'commenting system', ' ', 'web platform', ' ', 'networking system', '']
SwitchOn Networks
	Provider of semiconductor and software components to the Content and Policy-based networking. The company\'s products enable next generation network equipment, including web and content switches, CMTS, DSLAM, enterprise routers, edge routers, bandwidth managers, VPNs, Firewalls and Intrusion detection systems.
	['', 'semiconductor and software component', ' ', 'wirespeed packet classification', ' ', 'networking solution', ' ', 'networking device', ' ', 'semiconductor component', ' ', 'semiconductor networking solution', ' ', 'networking equipment', ' ', 'packet content processor', '']
RouteLambda
	Provider of an optical networking equipment. The company provides outsourced assembly of standardized optical networking equipment and broad base communication equipment in Japan.
	['', 'optical networking', ' ', 'communication equipment', ' ', 'outsourced assembly', '']
Loran International Technologies
	Operator of a data networking company. The company is a system integrator of high speed networks.
	['', 'data networking', ' ', 'system integrator', ' ', 'internet network', '']
Gascoigne Melotte Holding
	Manufacturer of equipment for the dairy industry. The company offers milking machines and other dairy automation products.
	['', 'milk harvesting equipment', ' ', 'agricultural machinery', ' ', 'dairy automation', '']
Kiyon
	Provider of mesh networking products for wireless broadband networks. The company offers autonomic mesh networking technology that allows it to interface with higher-level protocols.
	['', 'mesh network', ' ', 'networking products', ' ', 'networking technologies', '']
Positron Access Solutions
	Developer and manufacturer of telecommunications equipment for critical service applications. The company design, manufactures and markets networking and broadband management equipment to information technology and telecommunication industries. Its platform enables broadband connectivity and system networking services.
	['', 'telecommunications equipment', ' ', 'critical service', ' ', 'broadband management', ' ', 'broadband connectivity', ' ', 'networking service', '']
Vitalink Communications
	Manufacturer of data networking products. The company sells routers and other networking products. Its systems are used to build computer networks.
	['router']
Vivace Networks
	Manufacturer of multi-protocol label switching networking products. The company provides optical service creation platforms for service providers for the next generation public data network.
	['', 'networking equipment', ' switches multi-protocol']
