Redstone Communications
	Developer of networking equipments and market service provider solutions that address the scalability, performance, reliability and quality of service issues associated with the transformation of the public Internet. The company\'s products include edge routers, which enable internet service providers to support multiple services.
	['', 'networking equipments', ' ', 'internet service providers', ' ', 'edge routers', '']
Applied Digital Access
	Provider of network performance management solutions to telecommunications service providers. The company focuses on systems, software and services that manage the performance, quality, reliability and availability of telecommunications service provider\'s networks.
	['', 'telecommunications service', ' ', 'Network Performance Management', '']
Syndesis
	Developer of Operations Support Systems (OSS) software that automates the provisioning process for telecommunications service providers. The company\'s product  helps telecommunication companies bring services to their customers.
	['', 'Operations Support Systems', ' ', 'Programming Services', ' ', 'software development', '']
4Home
	Provider of software and services for OEM networking hardware partners and broadband service providers. The company focuses on developing an XML-based software and services platform that enables OEM hardware vendors and service providers to deliver compelling applications and services into the connected home. It offers of connected home services, which include energy management, home security and monitoring, media management, and home health.
	['', 'home security', ' ', 'energy management', ' ', 'home health', ' ', 'connected home', ' ', 'home services', '']
Terracotta
	Developer of software products for enterprise application scalability, availability, and performance optimization. The company’s products include Enterprise Ehcache, a solution for optimizing enterprise application scale and performance.
	['', 'software product', ' ', 'java application', ' ', 'java scalability', ' ', 'performance optimization', '']
System Management ARTS
	Provider of innovative real-time analysis software that ensures the availability and peak performance of network-dependent information systems. The company is focused to pinpoint the root cause of network problems.
	['', 'software solutions', '']
JDS Uniphase
	Viavi Solutions Inc was incorporated in California in 1979 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1993 as JDS Uniphase Corp (CA). The Company changed its name from JDS Uniphase Corp (CA) to Viavi Solutions Inc. The Company is a provider of network and service enablement solutions and optical products for telecommunications service providers, wireless operators, cable operators, network-equipment manufacturers and enterprises. Its segments include Network Enablement, Service Enablement, Communications and Commercial Optical Products and Optical Security and Performance Products. The Network Enablement segment provides an integrated portfolio of testing solutions that access the network to perform build-out and maintenance tasks. These solutions include instruments, software and services to design, build, turn-up, certify, troubleshoot and optimize networks. The Service Enablement segment provides embedded systems and enterprise performance management solutions that supply global service providers, enterprises and cloud operators visibility into network, service and application data. The Communications and Commercial Optical Products segment addresses end markets including data communications (Datacom) and telecommunications (Telecom) networking and commercial lasers (Lasers) for manufacturing, inspection and life-sciences applications. The Optical Security and Performance Products segment leverages its core optical coating technologies and volume manufacturing capability to design, manufacture, and sell products targeting anti-counterfeiting, consumer and industrial, government, healthcare and other markets. The Company markets its products to telecommunications and cable service providers, NEMs, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), enterprises, governmental organizations, distributors and strategic partners. Its competitors include Giesecke & Devrient, Agilent Technologies, Inc., Anritsu Corporation, Exfo Inc., Ixia, NetScout Systems, Inc.
	['', '', 'optical communications', ' laser']
Visual Networks
	Provider of network and application performance management solutions. The company’s products increase application and network availability, optimize the use of bandwidth and reduce operating costs across traditional and new IP-based infrastructures.
	['VoIP ', 'Broadband IP solution', ' ', 'Private IP solution', ' ', 'Network management', '']
TransNet International
	Provider of telecommunication reselling services. The company purchases telecommunications services from another telecommunications service provider and then resells, uses as a component part of or integrates the purchased services into a mobile telecommunications service.
	['', 'telecom reseller', ' telecommunication ', 'retail outlet', '']
NetQoS
	Developer of network performance management software and services for application delivery across IT networks. The company\'s products include NetQoS Performance Center, SuperAgent, ReporterAnalyzer, NetVoyant, Allocate, and GigaStor, which help IT organizations optimize their network infrastructure to deliver services to end users.
	['', 'network performance management', ' ', 'Information Technology', ' ', 'delivery management solution', '']
