Innogenetics
	Producer of diagnostics and therapeutic vaccines. The company develops and markets various diagnostic assays with a focus on molecular diagnostics and multiparameter testing.
	['', 'therapeutic vaccines', ' vaccinations ', 'molecular diagnostics', '']
EraGen BioSciences
	Developer and manufacturer of molecular reagent products and software for research and clinical testing markets. The company offers molecular diagnostic assays for the early detection and monitoring of cancer, genetic, and infectious diseases, as well as for genetic-based conditions. It serves clinical laboratories and medical researchers.
	['biotechnology ', 'clinical diagnostic', ' ', 'molecular diagnostic', ' ', 'clinical testing', '']
Xceed Molecular
	Developer of expression-based molecular diagnostic products. The company is working on the speed, simplicity, and efficiency of expression-based molecular diagnostics through its “Ziplex™” Automated Workstation. The Ziplex uses the company\'s flow-thru-chip microarray technology to perform highly multiplexed molecular assays faster and at a lower cost than conventional array systems, while providing simplicity of use that is essential for broader adoption of molecular diagnostics.
	['', 'molecular diagnostics', ', expression-based', '']
Inostics
	Provider of diagnostic services. The company provides molecular diagnostics testing for physicians, clinical trials, and research offering sensitive mutation testing from plasma and serum samples.
	['', 'diagnostics testing', ' ', 'molecular diagnostics', ' ', 'mutation testing', '']
BruCells
	Developer of therapeutic cellular vaccines. The company produces vaccines based on dendritic cells. It also develops cytokines of a clinical nature used in the preparation of cancer vaccines.
	['vaccine ', 'cancer vaccine', ' ', 'cellular vaccine', ' ', 'therapeutic vaccine', '']
CTF Systems
	Provider of cortex magnetoencephalography (MEG) systems. The company focuses on functional brain mapping, epilepsy localization, diagnostics in stroke recovery and fetal neurological assessment.
	['', 'magnetoencephalography system', ' ', 'brain mapping', ' diagnostic']
EnviroGene
	Provider of molecular diagnostics related to environmental pollution. The company provides environmentally friendly tracer systems to identify sources of fecal and microbial contamination in water bodies.
	['', 'molecular diagnostic', ' ', 'natural resources management', ' ', 'contamination test', ' ', 'Environmental Service', '']
Pronota
	Developer of protein biomarker diagnostics platform. The company provides diagnostics for early detection of life-threatening conditions and unmet medical needs that includes pre-eclampsia, cardio-renal syndrome, ovarian cancer and sepsis.
	['biomaker ', 'diagnostic platform', ' protein']
VectorLogics
	Developer of virus based cancer therapies and therapeutic vaccines for viral liver diseases. The company utilizes IBDV technology for research on Viral hepatitis and Hepatocellular carcinoma. The company commercializes products for Cancer Virotherapy, Cancer Vaccines, Prophylactic and Therapeutic Vaccines.
	['', 'Viral hepatitis', ' ', 'Hepatocellular carcinoma', '  carcinoma liver IBDV ', 'Infectious Bursal Disease Virus', '']
Rubikon
	Developer of molecular technologies. The company develops molecular technologies for the treatment and prevention of common cancers combined with new methods for the individualization of tumor therapies.
	['', 'molecular technologies', ' ', 'therapeutic services', '']
Adnavance Technologies
	Developer of diagnostic technology. The company provides direct-detection molecular diagnostic tests. The tests are designed to decentralize the worldwide molecular testing market by enabling hospitals and smaller independent laboratories to conduct their own testing.
	['', 'molecular diagnostic', ' ', 'medical application', ' ', 'diagnostic test', '']
Great Basin
	Developer of point-of-care molecular diagnostic technology for healthcare professionals. The company offers molecular diagnostics platform for detection of nucleic acid and protein analytes in diagnostic testing platform. It also provides diagnostic tests for methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus, group B streptococcus and human papilloma virus.
	['', 'molecular diagnostic', ' ', 'diagnostic platform', ' ', 'diagnostic testing', '']
Nanosphere
	Nanosphere Inc develops, manufactures and markets molecular diagnostics platform, the Verigene System, which enables sensitive genomic and protein testing on a single platform.
	['', 'molecular diagnostics', ' ', 'diagnostics platform', ' ', 'cardiovascular diseases', ' ', 'protein testing', '']
NovioGendix
	Provider of molecular diagnostics and services to physicians, clinics, and hospitals. The company offers service to conduct test for prostate cancer and developing molecular diagnostic assays for uro-oncological practices and cancer treatment.
	['', 'molecular diagnostic', ' ', 'laboratory service', ' ', 'kidney cancer', ' ', 'uro-oncological disease', '']
Thrombovision
	Developer of biomedical diagnostics products. The company develops biomedical diagnostics products that are used for preventing heart attacks, strokes and stent occulsions. The company also provides biomedical research and development services.
	['', 'biomedical diagnostics product', ' ', 'stent occulsions', ' ', 'development service', ' ', 'biomedical research', '']
