Gazoontite
	Provider of household products. The company provides products that help reduce asthma problems, allergies and respiratory problems. The company\'s products include anti-allergen and hypoallergenic bedding, air purifiers, vacuum cleaners, bath and beauty products, toys, dust control products, odor control products and asthma management products.
	['', 'household products', ' hypoallergenic ', 'cleaning product', '']
Support Technologies
	Manufacturer of automatic computer test equipment for use by firms designing, servicing and manufacturing electronic-based products. The company\'s products consisted of ROM emulator and diagnostic tester.
	['', 'computer equipment', ' ', 'electronic products', ' ', 'test equipment', '']
Amsco International
	Manufacturer and supplier of sterilization products. The company manufactures sterilization systems, surgical tables and lights, and related infections prevention products and services for the healthcare and scientific markets.
	['', 'sterilization product', ' ', 'health care industry', ' ', 'technology platform', '']
Genetics Institute
	Developer of pharmaceutical products. The firm developed pharmaceuticals based on leading edge functional genomics technologies and proprietary disease models to treat a wide variety of human disease conditions.
	['biopharmaceuticals']
Educational Holdings
	Provider of educational products. The company\'s products are designed to provide and promote science and math education as well as reading literacy for children in PreK through 3rd grade.
	['', 'educational products', ' math ', 'reading literacy', '']
Ilypsa
	Developer of renal care pharmaceutical products. The company develops non-absorbed polymeric phosphate and potassium binder compounds to treat chronic kidney diseases.
	['', 'renal care', ' ', 'kidney disease treatment', ' ', 'healthcare industry', '']
Reliant Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of cardiovascular therapies. The company acquires and develops branded pharmaceutical products, as well as potential pharmaceutical products in mid- to late-stage clinical development for drug delivery technologies and formulation advancements.
	['cardiovascular ', 'cardiovascular therapies', '']
Collplant
	Produces recombinant human collagen from tobacco plants. The company produces sells collagen-based products in medical devices, cosmetics and pharmaceutical products.
	['', 'medical device', ' ', 'collagen pharmaceutical product', ' cosmetic']
Outinens Potatis
	Provider of potato products. The company provides pre-cooked and related potato products that are grown with minimal pesticide usage.
	['potatoes ', 'clean food', ' ', 'potato production', '']
InnoPharma
	Developer of complex generic and innovative specialty pharmaceutical/bio-pharmaceutical products in injectable and ophthalmic dosage forms. The company has a broad portfolio of products under development, with formulations including, suspension, lyophilized, emulsions, liposomes, micelles and lipid complexes.
	['', 'medical product', ' ', 'drug development', ' ', 'bio pharmaceutical product', ' ', 'medical drug research', ' ', 'sterile injectable product', ' ', 'sterile products', ' injectable ophthalmic']
Nortel Networks
	Manufacturer of networking products. The company is a manufacturer of equipment for telecommunications and data networking.
	['', 'networking equipment', '  ', 'data networking equipment', ' ', 'cable operators', '']
Scandinavian BioPharma
	Developer of pharmaceutical  products such as vaccines and immunoglobulins. The company mainly focuses on development of a new oral traveler’s diarrhea vaccine. The company is currently developing a pharmaceutical  product for the treatment of mild to moderate psoriasis.
	['vaccines immunoglobins ', 'diarrhea vaccine', '']
Pentland Systems
	Provider of signal acquisition technology and products. The company offers analog input/output, sigma delta, synchro and resolver modules which are complemented by digital input/output and relay products to form a comprehensive range of system ready, COTS, I/O products. The company also provides analog-acquisition and reconstruction products for sonar, radar, signal intelligence and software-defined radio applications in the aerospace and defense markets.
	['', 'sonar product', ' ', 'signal intelligence', ' ', 'analog signal', ' ', 'radar product', ' ', 'embedded computing', ' ', 'digital input/output', ' ', 'relay product', '']
Takumi Technology
	Provider of design for manufacturability (DFM) products. The company engages in designing products that a easy to manufacture. The company also provides mask detection and automated full chip semiconductors.
	['', 'design for manufacturing', ' ', 'semiconductor devices', ' ', 'electronic products', '']
C M & D Pharma
	Manufacturer of pharmaceutical products. The company\'s pharma products are fostrap, recoclix, eviendep, ossulin and silsos.
	['', 'pharmaceutical product', ' ', 'healthcare market', '']
ViroChem Pharma
	Developer and producer of the drugs and pharmaceutical products for viral disease. The company manufacture, develop and produce the medicine products for viral infection, Hepatitis C (HCV) and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
	['', 'pharmaceutical product', ' ', 'drug research', ' ', 'human immunodeficiency virus', '']
Proteon Networks
	Provider of internet access and LAN products. The company markets the products of OpenROUTE Networks.
	['', 'internet access', ' ', 'LAN products', '']
eDEV
	Developer of drug. The company operates as a structured finance portfolio company developing an approved drug for three additional follow-on indications in collaboration with a pharmaceutical partner. eDev is a special purpose vehicle that has entered into an R&D project financing relationship with an undisclosed pharma company to finance multiple Phase 3 clinical trials for additional indications of an already-approved drug.
	['', 'Drug Developer', ' ', 'Finance Portfolio', '']
Hanza
	Manufacturer of industrial products. The company provides mechanical, electronics, cable harnesses and final assembly products for industrial uses.
	['', 'industrial product', ' ', 'assembly product', ' ', 'cable harness', '']
