Opalis Software
	Provider of an  information technology (IT) process automation software products for the enterprises. The company provide software that integrates and automates common IT assets to automate the IT runbook. Opalis allow companies to capture the internal knowledge of their IT staff. Opalis helps to provide native operators to leading systems management monitors, problem resolution packages, backup tools, virtual machines, software distribution and network devices.
	['', 'knowledge process automation', ' ', 'knowledge worker management', ' ', 'knowledge sharing', '']
Chip Xonio Online
	Provider information technology services. The company specializes in consumer technologies and also operates computer portal Chip Online.
	['', 'information technology', ' ', 'computer portal', '  ', 'Chip Online', ' telecommunications']
Flashline
	Developer of asset management software for managing information technology and software assets. The company provides enterprise software reuse solutions that facilitate the rapid development of software systems for business.
	['', 'software reuse solution', ' ', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'business management software', '']
Proservia
	Provider of information technology services. The company offers operational maintenance services, architecture and integration services, information system governance services and training services.
	['', 'operational maintenance', ' architecture prototyping']
Digia
	Provider of information and communication technology services. The company is specializing in integrated information and communications technology services, smartphone and mobile research and development and telecom products.
	['', 'communication technology service', ' ', 'integrated information', ' ', 'mobile research and development', '']
Active Reasoning
	Provider of information technology controls automation software for information technology policy enforcement. The company’s solution collects data from the information technology infrastructure and change management system for validation, as well as detects and reconciles authorized changes, and uncovers the unauthorized changes and out-of-compliance activities that put the infrastructure at risk.
	['', 'automation software', ' ', 'policy enforcement', ' ', 'change management', ' ', 'compliance activity', '']
Virtusa
	Provider of information technology services. The company\'s offerings include application outsourcing, technology implementation and technology consulting.
	['', 'application outsourcing', ' ', 'technology implementation', ' ', 'strategic planning', ' ', 'quality assurance', '']
Aubay
	Provider of information technology and business intelligence services. The company provides services to share and return information over multiple channels such as the Internet, call centers, SMS, as well as client server, departmental systems or more specialized areas such as Desktop Publishing. The company also provide services on infrastructure systems and networks to ensure the definition of architectures, systems administration, project integration and monitoring of operations.
	['', 'business intelligence service', ' ', 'information management', ' ', 'multiple channel', ' ', 'departmental system', ' ', 'system administration', '']
Diktamen
	Developer of workflow management and resource planning software. The company offers all-in-one dictation and transcription enterprise resource planning system with workflow management and resource planning features for transcription companies and authors.
	['', 'workflow management', ' ', 'resource planning', ' transcription']
Intechra Group
	Provider of information technology, asset disposition, value recovery, and computer recycling services to businesses and governments. The company offers information technology asset disposition services, such as data security and computer re-marketing.
	['', 'information technology asset disposition', ' ', 'value recovery', ' ', 'computer recycling', ' ', 'data security', ' recycling ', 'asset disposition', '']
Agiliti
	Provider of information technology services. The company offers services that helps companies reduce costs, reduce risks and improve the reliability of their systems, networks and applications. It helps enterprises of all sizes achieve better IT performance through a modular suite of outsourced hosting and IT services.
	['', 'rentable software applications', ' ', 'hosting services', ' ', 'internet connection', ' ', 'enterprise hosting', '']
NoemaLife
	Developer of clinical and hospital information technology softwares. The company\'s products include GALILEO, an enterprise electronic medical record software that manages and streamlines clinical-healthcare processes at the departmental, enterprise and regional levels.
	['', 'enterprise management', ' ', 'medical record software', ' ', 'regional level', '']
Dogpatch Labs
	Provider of work space and consultancy services for startups. The company provides desk space, bandwidth and lunch services to aspiring entrepreneurs for their startups.
	['', 'work space', ' ', 'desk space', ' ', 'lunch services', ' entrepreneurs']
Apptix
	Provider of on-demand business communication services. The company is a provider of hosted business communication, collaboration, and information technology, with particular expertise supporting legal, financial, healthcare and telecom firms.
	['', 'software developer', ' ', 'on-demand business communication', ' ', 'mobile messaging', '']
Mirror42
	Provider of information technology performance management services. The company provides a platform for customers to collect information from multiple IT management applications, analyze key performance indicators and metric trends.
	['', 'performance management', ' ', 'performance indicator', ' ', 'metric trend', '']
SevenSpace
	Provider of outsourced information technology management services.
	['', 'technology management service', ' ', 'software tool', ' ', 'infrastructure management', '']
Ontrack Systems
	Provider of an information technology services. The company provides information technology enable services like Net Asset Value(NAV) and Enterprise resource planning(ERP) platform, enterprise business platform, information technology infrastructure management platform and consultancy services.
	['', 'enterprise resource planning', ' ', 'database software', ' ', 'technology enable service', '']
CenterBeam
	Provider of information technology services. The company offers mid sized businesses with enterprise class  information technology management, services and support.
	['', 'infrastructure management', ' ', 'patch management', ' ', 'software distribution', ' ', 'server management', '']
Ansible
	Provider of information technology software platform. The company offers information technology orchestration platform designed to make applications and systems easier to deploy. It also enables its users to automate in simpler code and to install on remote systems without the help of any agent.
	['', 'configuration management', ' ', 'software deployment', ' ', 'systems orchestration', '']
Hewlett-Packard
	HP Inc, formerly Hewlett-Packard Company was incorporated in 1947 under the laws of the State of California as the successor to a partnership founded in 1939 by William R. Hewlett and David Packard. Effective in May 1998, it changed its state of incorporation from California to Delaware. The Company is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) and large enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company\'s offerings span multi-vendor customer services, including infrastructure technology and business process outsourcing, technology support and maintenance, application development and support services & consulting and integration services; enterprise information technology infrastructure, including enterprise storage and server technology, networking products and resources, and software that optimizes business technology investments, personal computing and other access devices and imaging and printing-related products and services. It has seven business segments for financial reporting purposes: Services, Enterprise Storage and Servers, HP Software, the Personal Systems Group (PSG), the Imaging and Printing Group (IPG), HP Financial Services (HPFS), and Corporate Investments. The HP Enterprise Business provides servers, storage, software and information technology (IT) services that enable enterprise and midmarket business customers to manage their current IT environments and transform IT into a business enabler. HP Software is a provider of enterprise and service-provider software and services. PSG is a provider of personal computers (PCs) in the world such as Commercial PCs, consumer PCs, workstations and handheld computing. IPG is the imaging and printing systems provider in the world for consumer and commercial printer hardware, printing supplies, printing media and scanning devices such as Laserjet, managed enterprise solutions, graphics solutions include large format printing, large format supplies, webpress supplies, Indigo printing, inkjet high speed production solutions. HPFS supports and enhances HP\'s product and service solutions, providing a broad range of value-added financial life-cycle management services. The group offers leasing, financing, utility programs and asset recovery services, as well as financial asset management services for large enterprise customers. Corporate Investments includes Hewlett-Packard Laboratories, also known as HP Labs, network infrastructure products, mobile devices associated with the Palm acquisition, and certain business incubation projects. Revenue in this segment is attributable to the sale of certain network infrastructure products, including Ethernet switch products that enhance computing and enterprise solutions under the ProCurve, 3Com and TippingPoint brands.The Company depends on third party suppliers. The distribution is organized by direct and channel. The Company\'s operations are subject to regulation under various federal, state, local and foreign laws concerning the environment, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated sites. HP recognizes revenue sales arrangement exists, delivery have occurred or services are rendered, the sales price or fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The company also recognizes hardware revenue on sales to channel partners, including resellers, distributors or value-added solution providers at the time of sale when the channel partners have economic substance apart from HP and HP has completed its obligations related to the sale.
	['']
DirectPointe
	Provider of information technology (IT) outsourcing and managed services for customers in the United States. The company offers desktop management, server, network, print, cloud computing, desktop virtualization, information technology helpdesk support, hosted exchange, monitoring, asset management and automated backup services.
	['', 'information technology service', ' ', 'desktop management', ' ', 'automated backup service', '']
Agilera
	Provider of application management and technology services to businesses in the United States. The company provides enterprise platform that provides access to enterprise applications, including enterprise resource planning, supply chain, e-commerce, enterprise resource management, productivity, financials, and human resource.
	['', 'enterprise resource management', ' ', 'supply chain', ' ', 'enterprise resource planning', '']
Illumix Software
	Developer of information technology services. The company\'s software helps in IT asset management, application profiling, capacity planning, network consolidation and data center rationalization. It enables organizations to make informed decisions on IT strategy and investment. It also focuses on the business value of IT to maintain IT infrastructure.
	['', 'asset management', ' ', 'cost analysis', ' ', 'network consolidation', ' ', 'data center rationalization', ' ', 'application profiling', ' ', 'asset discovery', ' ', 'IT strategy', '']
Protie
	Provider of information technology enabled services. The company provides outsourcing, hosting and architecture services primarily to Finnish corporations.
	['', 'network services', ' hosting virtualization']
Expound
	Provider of software application to let companies conduct conversations with their customers, employees, partners and suppliers. The company provides a language processing engine capable of integrating into existing sensor and information technology products to disseminate crisis management data to enhance the ability of communication via transforming existing commercial applications (CRM, ERP and Knowledge Stores) into interactive customer self-service applications.
	['', 'software solutions', ' ', 'commercial application', ' ', 'communication software', '']
Network Solutions (Bangalore)
	Provider of information technology (IT) infrastructure solutions, software and services for enterprise customers. The company offers NOC Inside, an IT Infrastructure management service for managing end to end IT infrastructure and Desktop Manager, a web based application that allows system administrators to auto discover, monitor and report software and hardware inventory.
	['', 'information technology', ' ', 'infrastructure solution', ' ', 'web based application', '']
SoHaTec
	Provider of information technology services to local government entities. The company\'s software platform is tailored to country-specific requirements for its clients, which include Germany and Ukraine.
	['', 'government information technology', ' ', 'local government', ' ', 'software platform', '']
