BBR Wireless Management
	Provider of wireless management products and services. The company offers CELLector tool, software for wireless optimization and auditing, wireless asset tracking, monthly management, and Web-based reporting.
	['', 'wireless management', ' ', 'wireless asset tracking', ' ', 'web-based reporting', '']
McAfee Wireless Security
	Provider of Wi-Fi security tools for wireless networks. The company\'s products include wireless security, wireless guard, wifiscan and WPA software.
	['', 'Wi-Fi security', ' ', 'wireless guard', ' ', 'wireless security', '']
Connection Services
	Provider of Wi-Fi Services. The company provides enabling technology to the wireless service businesses of major telecommunications companies.
	['', 'Wi-Fi Services', ' ', 'wireless service', ' telecommunications']
Antcor
	Provider of Wi-Fi software products and services. The company provides LTE simulation and emulation products and services to the broadband wireless access market. Its product IkarusOS is a network operating system for broadband wireless networking devices which integrates wireless and networking functions.
	['', 'wireless connection', ' ', 'broadband service', ' ', 'wireless networking', '']
Armida Technologies
	Provider of wireless surveillance system to improve video quality over wireless networks. The company develops software and hardware that delivers streaming video over wireless networks for commercial, industrial and government customers.
	['', 'video streaming', ' ', 'wireless networks', '']
MetroFi
	Designer of Wi-Fi Internet networks and wireless broadband services. The company partners with city governments, local business advertisers, Internet service providers and other companies to deliver wireless broadband service to the communities in which it operates.
	['', 'Wi-Fi internet', ' ', 'broadband service', ' ', 'wireless broadband service', '']
Junxion
	Provider of managed 3G wireless cellular router solutions for enterprise and government customers in the United States. The company\'s Junxion Box wireless WAN routers provide computing devices, such as laptops, desktops, handhelds, POS systems, ATM machines, and remote security cameras with access to data services from wireless carriers. Its Junxion Platform firmware includes the drivers and tools to connect with wireless PC card modems, as well as supports wireless carrier networks and PC card modems; and the cellular data service technologies from wireless carriers. It offers Field Commander remote management for customers to monitor, configure, and update fleets of Junxion Boxes or single units in the field; and Junxion Complete, a solution program for virtual installations in the United States. It offers Junxion Firmware for GPS location information, Verizon PC Card modem, firmware updating, DNS over ride, broadband cellular networks. It offers its products for data connection redundancy, landline replacement, M2M/telemetry, portable networks, remote security, landline fail-over, mobile fail-over, public transit/security, private transit, public/private transit, and fleet vehicles applications.
	['', 'cellular router solution', ' ', 'land line replacement', ' ', 'portable network', ' telemetry']
Radionet
	Provider of products and technology for large-scale outdoor wireless networks. The company develops solutions for citywide Wireless Hotzones and community networks, mobile broadband solutions for industrial applications such as ports and mines, and link solutions for wireless backhaul and building-to-building links.
	['', 'broadband networks', ' ', 'Power Utilities', ' broadcasts city-wide']
Bluegiga Technologies
	Developer and provider of short range wireless connectivity products and technologies. The company offers bluetooth modules, Wi-Fi modules, and bluetooth network access devices to OEMs and system integrators in various sectors.
	['', 'connectivity product', ' ', 'bluetooth module', ' ', 'wireless connectivity product', '']
Technology Brothers
	Provider of wireless and networking solutions. The company provides enterprise wise wireless telecommunications carriers.
	['', 'telecommunication carriers', ' ', 'wireless telecommunications', '']
G2 Microsystems
	Developer of Wi-Fi system-on-chip modules and networking applications. The company\'s application is used for asset tracking applications in healthcare, oil, gas, chemical, government, automotive industries, wireless sensing applications in enterprises, retail outlets, factories, warehouses and in consumer devices, such as media players, gaming platforms, digital cameras, remote controls, headsets and computer peripherals.
	['', 'wi fi system', ' ', 'networking application', ' ', 'asset tracking', '']
Network Chemistry
	Provider of wireless security. The company provides RFprotect Mobile, a portable analysis product that enables network designers and security personnel to design, analyze and secure wireless networks.
	['', 'Wireless Security', '']
connectBlue
	Provider of bluetooth services for industrial and commercial applications. The company offers industrial-grade short range radio modules supporting popular Classic Bluetooth, Bluetooth low energy and Wi-Fi standards.
	['', 'bluetooth service', ' ', 'industrial application', ' ', 'wireless communication', '']
Starburst Communications
	Developer of multicast applications over data networks. The company provides methods for information delivery over data networks of all kinds, including WAN, LAN,satellite, wireless or any combination forming an internetwork.
	['IP Multicast ', 'multicast file transfer protocol', '']
4DK Technologies
	Developer of interoperability services for wireless networks and devices. The company provides wireless technology products, professional and strategy services to telecom operators and infrastructure vendors.
	['', 'interoperability service', ' ', 'wireless network', ' ', 'wireless device', '']
Go Networks
	Provider of broadband wireless access services for indoor and outdoor deployments. The company offers micro cellular Wi-Fi sector base stations, Pico cellular Wi-Fi base stations, wireless media gateways, wireless network controllers and network management systems. It also has a research and development center in Israel.
	['', 'broadband wireless access', ' ', 'wireless network controller', ' ', 'network management system', '']
