AdForce
	Provider of centralized, outsourced ad management and delivery services on the Internet. The company\'s services includes campaign design, inventory management, targeting, ad delivery, tracking, measuring, and reporting capabilities.
	['', 'ad management', ' ', 'ad delivery service', ' ', 'campaign design', ' ', 'reporting capability', '']
Active Reasoning
	Provider of information technology controls automation software for information technology policy enforcement. The company’s solution collects data from the information technology infrastructure and change management system for validation, as well as detects and reconciles authorized changes, and uncovers the unauthorized changes and out-of-compliance activities that put the infrastructure at risk.
	['', 'automation software', ' ', 'policy enforcement', ' ', 'change management', ' ', 'compliance activity', '']
Interweave Software
	Developer of information delivery products. The company\'s products allow information technology organizations to deploy intranet and extranet-based Web information systems across virtual enterprises.
	['', 'virtual enterprises', ' ', 'Interweave Modeler', ' ', 'database administrators', '']
NOCpulse
	Designer of internet infrastruture to provide networking services and technology management solutions to online businesses. The company is building the Internet Operational Support Service, that allows customers to gain control over their Internet infrastructure while retaining the strategic knowledge needed to grow.
	['', 'internet infrastructure', ' ', 'networking service', ' ', 'technology management', '']
NoemaLife
	Developer of clinical and hospital information technology softwares. The company\'s products include GALILEO, an enterprise electronic medical record software that manages and streamlines clinical-healthcare processes at the departmental, enterprise and regional levels.
	['', 'enterprise management', ' ', 'medical record software', ' ', 'regional level', '']
Mirror42
	Provider of information technology performance management services. The company provides a platform for customers to collect information from multiple IT management applications, analyze key performance indicators and metric trends.
	['', 'performance management', ' ', 'performance indicator', ' ', 'metric trend', '']
End2End
	Provider of outsourced mobile data services. The company provides outsourced mobile data services on behalf of mobile network operators.
	['', 'mobile data', ' ', 'mobile networks', ' connectivity']
Network24 Communications
	Provider of outsourced webcasting e-services. The company provides Internet broadcasting application services for enterprises, Internet content providers, and value-added partners.
	['', 'webcasting e-services', ' ', 'internet broadcasting', ' oursourcing ', 'online events', ' application']
RAD Electronics
	Provider of outsourced electronics manufacturing services. The company manufactures complex printed circuit boards, custom and molded cable assemblies and over-molded embedded electronics.
	['', 'circuit board', ' ', 'molded cable', ' ', 'circuit board', ' ', 'electronics cable', '']
SevenSpace
	Provider of outsourced information technology management services.
	['', 'technology management service', ' ', 'software tool', ' ', 'infrastructure management', '']
Listening Company
	Provider of outsourced customer communication services. The company specializes in telemarketing solutions which includes managing customer interaction ranging from customer acquisition to retention, renewal and growth, including advice and services.
	['', 'telemarketing solutions', ' ', 'outsourced customer communication services', ' ', 'BPO services', ' ', 'managing customer interaction', '']
CenterBeam
	Provider of information technology services. The company offers mid sized businesses with enterprise class  information technology management, services and support.
	['', 'infrastructure management', ' ', 'patch management', ' ', 'software distribution', ' ', 'server management', '']
Novalis
	Provider of outsourced management services for provider sponsored managed care networks. The company provides administrative, management and computing services to physician networks and managed care companies.
	['', 'management service', ' ', 'care network', ' ', 'physician network', '']
Ansible
	Provider of information technology software platform. The company offers information technology orchestration platform designed to make applications and systems easier to deploy. It also enables its users to automate in simpler code and to install on remote systems without the help of any agent.
	['', 'configuration management', ' ', 'software deployment', ' ', 'systems orchestration', '']
Accretive Commerce
	Provider of outsourced operations solutions to the companies engaged in one-to-one direct commerce. The company offers ecommerce, customer care, life-cycle of marketing, customer acquisition, returns management and fulfillment and logistics solutions. It also provides professional services, technology integration, custom business process solutions and lean six sigma strategies as well as marketing, Web design and product imaging, direct response/infomercials and direct mail support and order management.
	['', 'operation outsourcing', ' ', 'customer care', ' ', 'six sigma strategy', ' ', 'returns management', ' ', 'life-cycle marketing', '']
DirectPointe
	Provider of information technology (IT) outsourcing and managed services for customers in the United States. The company offers desktop management, server, network, print, cloud computing, desktop virtualization, information technology helpdesk support, hosted exchange, monitoring, asset management and automated backup services.
	['', 'information technology service', ' ', 'desktop management', ' ', 'automated backup service', '']
