Avicenna Systems
	Operator of an internet based healthcare information company. The company develops intranets for managed health care plans.
	['', 'healthcare information', ' intranets ', 'health care plans', '']
Ascend Health
	Provider of mental health and chemical dependency hospitals and residential treatment centers. The company operate freestanding psychiatric hospitals and a residential treatment center. It offers a broad array of behavioral health programs including inpatient services, day hospital services including partial hospitalization and intensive outpatient services, as well as residential substance abuse treatment.
	['', 'mental health', ' ', 'behavioral health', ' ', 'chemical dependency', ' ', 'abuse treatment', ' ', 'rehabilitation service', '']
Compass Information Services
	Developer of oncology and autoimmune therapeutics. The company is a distributor of the Compass (R) system, a procedure for assessing the outcomes of mental-health treatments. The company also engages in related research.
	['', 'mental health', ' ', 'treatment assessment', ' ', 'ongoing treatment', ' ', 'mental illness', ' ', 'treatment management', ' ', 'treatment outcome', '']
Nelson House
	Operator of a mental rehabilitation hospital. The company offers care and treatment to male patients aged between 18 and 65.
	['', 'rehabilitation hospital', ' ', 'mental health', ' ', 'male patients', '']
Join Sessions
	Developer of mobile platform for personal coaching for regular physical exercises. The company offers a platform that tracks behavioural health and health programs to help people improve their fitness and lose weight.
	['', 'wellness health program', ' ', 'track behavioral health', ' ', 'regular physical exercise', ' ', 'mobile platform', '']
MySelfHelp
	Provider of online and interactive mental health self-help programs and tools. The company’s programs enable users to manage depression, stress, insomnia, eating disorders, grief, guilt, low self-esteem, compulsive shopping, and hope for HIV. It serves health care companies and individuals.
	['', 'online mental health', ' ', 'interactive mental health', ' ', 'manage disease', '']
InStream
	Developer of workflow software for healthcare offices. The company develops software products that coordinate the movement of documents and other information between managed healthcare providers and their staffs.
	['', 'managed healthcare', ' ', 'workflow software', ' ', 'data transfer software', ' ', 'behavioral healthcare', '']
Austhink Software
	Development of behavioral technologies. The company offers a software whicxh enables users to increase their reasoning, logical thinking, problem-solving, decision-making and communication skills.
	['', 'behavioral technologies', ' ', 'critical thinking', ' ', 'problem-solving', ' ', 'decision making', '']
HealthMedia
	Developer of scalable behavior change interventions for health and wellness, disease management, behavioral health and medication compliance. The company develops specialty programs for pharmaceutical firms and medical device manufacturers in the areas of drug and alcohol addiction, mental illness, CAD/CHF, hypertension, HIV/AIDS, and a host of applications for various pharmaceutical issues.
	['', 'disease management', ' ', 'science model', ' ', 'data integration', ' ', 'data analysis', '']
CMHC Systems
	Provider of behavioral healthcare information management software. The company delivers full suites of behavioral healthcare information management software for mental health, substance abuse and addiction services agencies, developmental disability centers and behavioral health-related managed care organizations.
	['', 'healthcare information', ' ', 'mental health', '']
