Villij
	Provider of social networking site for content consumers. The company analyses Web content, such as social networks, blogs, feeds and bookmarks.
	['', 'social networking site', ' ', 'web content analyses', ' ', 'social network analysis', '']
Sonar Media
	Provider of mobile application. The company\'s applications leverages social and location data from networks like Twitter, Facebook, Foursquare and LinkedIn and gives context of surrounding location and people.
	['', 'mobile application platform', ' ', 'connecting people', ' ', 'social discovery', '']
Hallway Social Learning Network
	Provider of social learning network. The company\'s network enables student-to-student collaboration.
	['', 'social learning network', ' ', 'student network', ' ', 'student collaboration', ' ', 'note sharing', ' ', 'assignment collaboration', ' ', 'ranking content', ' ', 'storing content', '']
Second Porch
	Provider of a social vacation home marketplace, where travelers can discover the perfect vacation rental through their trusted social circle. The company serves as a vacation home portal that offers private visibility for homeowners who only want their friends to see their home listing. The company\'s users can search for homes based on location, budget, recommendations, amenities and their relationship with the owner or former guests.
	['', 'social software platform', ' ', 'leisure facilities', ' ', 'social vacation home marketplace', '']
Plixi
	Provider of photos sharing services. The company operates an open media sharing platform for the social Web. Its platform allows users to share their media for social networks through mobile devices and the Web.
	['', 'photos sharing service', ' ', 'media sharing platform', ' ', 'photo sharing', '']
GirlGamer
	Provider of a social network and video game lifestyle platform for female gamers. The company features news, reviews, profiles, forums and more, focused on creating a  space for both gamers and the industry.
	['', 'social network', ' ', 'online gaming platform', '']
Gruvie.com
	Provider of social network platform to aggregate their social web content into one location.
	['', 'social network', ' ', 'social web', ' ', 'network platform', ' ', 'web content', '']
Quevita
	Provider of a social network and pre-medical marketplace. The company offers an individual cockpit to optimize the quality of life by services such as individual sports planners and a body coach for nutrition and diets.
	['', 'health advice', ' ', 'online health', ' ', 'online health community', ' ', 'health advisory', ' ', 'online health advisory', '']
Webjam
	Provider of social publishing tools that allows individuals, organizations and corporations to create, aggregate and share content online. The company offers web-publishing, social networking, blogging, privacy management, community management and other features for local communities, interest groups, charities, fan clubs and families.
	['', 'social publishing', ' ', 'web-publishing', ' ', 'social networking platform', '']
SwitchOn Networks
	Provider of semiconductor and software components to the Content and Policy-based networking. The company\'s products enable next generation network equipment, including web and content switches, CMTS, DSLAM, enterprise routers, edge routers, bandwidth managers, VPNs, Firewalls and Intrusion detection systems.
	['', 'semiconductor and software component', ' ', 'wirespeed packet classification', ' ', 'networking solution', ' ', 'networking device', ' ', 'semiconductor component', ' ', 'semiconductor networking solution', ' ', 'networking equipment', ' ', 'packet content processor', '']
Causes
	Provider of social network platform for spreading awareness. The company engages in social, political and cultural issues and hosts causes.com to advocate and raise funding for issues one chooses to participate.
	['', 'online fundraising', ' ', 'awareness platform', ' ', 'massage spreading', '']
BeauCoo Technologies
	Provider of social fashion network platform. The company provides a mobile platform for women to connect, share and discover fashion with other women of similar bodies sizes, shapes and styles.
	['', 'social fashion network', ' ', 'woman online community', ' ', 'online portal', '']
DietTV.com
	Provider of a social network built around healthy living and dieting. The site helps you find an exercise and diet plan that works for you, provides tracking of meals, water and exercise and connects you with exercise and nutrition professionals and other dieters.
	['', 'social network', ' ', 'healthy living', ' dieting exercise ', 'diet plan', ' nutrition']
First Bank of Rock
	Provider of an intelligence network for artists. The company provides network platform which helps the artist to solve their issue for cash shortfall for tour and some others issues.
	['', 'technology network', ' ', 'artists network platform', ' ', 'productivity software', '']
FAD IO
	Provider of social network platform. The company provides social network for products and shopping that helps users find better products through community curation, users get ratings, ideas and insights for product purchases from real people.
	['', 'social network platform', ' community ', 'community curation', ' ratings shopping']
Memolane
	Provider of digital platform collecting and connecting thoughts, pictures, messages and music. The company helps people archive and explore social network activity across different platforms.
	['', 'social data aggregation', ' ', 'social data collection', ' ', 'social media content', '']
