A-Tech Solution
	Manufacturer of injection mold and stamping die products for the exterior and interior of automobiles and consumer electric parts. The company\'s products include precision press die, large size press die, precision gear mold, automobile components, OA components and lead frame components.
	['', 'injection mold', ' ', 'precision gear mold', ' ', 'stamping die products', ' ', 'automobile components', '']
Novarc
	Creator of novel manufacturing process for car components. The company is the creator of sprayforming, a method of creating dies and tools for the production of car parts as well as other objects. The company has licensed key intellectual properties related to the process and is focused on developing manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and U.K.
	['', 'spray forming', ' ', 'machine tools', ' prototype']
Industrial Tooling & Fabrication
	Supplier of heavy-gauge steel components and assemblies. The company offers tool and die and machining services. Its products are used in the construction and agriculture industries.
	['steel ', 'heavy-gauge', ' ', 'machining service', ' ', 'industrial machinery', ' metalwork']
CFN Precision
	Developer of small to medium-sized precision metal, plastic and composite parts. The company develops metal, plastic and composite parts to the Aerospace, Military, Medical, Electronic and Industrial manufacturing sectors.
	['', 'precision machined component', ' ', 'precision metal part', ' ', 'plastic component', ' ', 'composite part', '']
Bicicletas Monark
	Manufacturer of bicycles for the domestic market. The company manufactures parts for motorcycles and bicycles.
	['', 'bicycle manufacture', ' ', 'motorcycle part', ' ', 'domestic market', '']
Tsang Yow Industrial Co.
	Manufacturer and exporter of powertrain components. The company manufactures and exports a range of metal-based components and assemblies for power train system. It provides automatic transmission hard parts, manual transmission parts, off highway machinery parts and torque converter parts.
	['', 'train system', ' powertrain ', 'metal-based', '']
Sigolis
	Developer of microsystem technology. The company develops components in polymer by first producing the parts in original through different methods for sculpting silicon and glass wafers.
	['', 'microsystem technology', ' microfabrication ', 'medical device', '']
Verical
	Provider of services to high- tech manufacturing industry as well as online factory outlet for electronic components. The company provides online service to buyers in order to make a fast and better decisions to find and purchase parts needed to fill their requirements.
	['B2B ', 'supply chain procurement', ' ', 'online electronic components', '']
KonTEM
	Developer of a phase contrast system for electron transmission. The company develops an phase contrast system for transmission of electron microscopes.
	['', 'phase contrast', ' ', 'system transmission', ' ', 'transmission electron microscopy', ' ', 'ultra-thin', '  sensor']
