PhotoRocket
	Provider of photo sharing services. The company enables photo sharing between family, friends, coworkers and other groups.
	['', 'photo sharing', ' ', 'social network', '']
Face.com
	Provider of facial recognition software for social networks. The company offers Photo Finder, an application to discover photos of users and friends that are untagged and Photo Tagger, which groups faces in an album, enables bulk-tagging of friends and enables photo sharing.
	['', 'photo tagging', ' ', 'face recognition', ' ', 'photo sharing', '']
PicPlz
	Provider of a photo sharing application. The company\'s platform integrates with Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, Tumblr, Posterous and Foursquare.
	['', 'photo sharing application', ' ', 'photo sharing', ' ', 'photo sharing platform', '']
Endemic Mobile
	Provider of an application for sharing web content with others. The company allows its users to search for animated or still pictures, videos and to deliver them to friends through the application.
	['', 'mobile message', ' ', 'visual entertainment', ' ', 'video and image', ' ', 'funny picture', ' ', 'photo sharing', '']
Instagram
	Provider of an online photograph sharing application. The company provides a free photo sharing application that allows users to take photos, apply a filter and share it on the service or a variety of other social networking services, including Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, Tumblr, Flickr and Posterous. Its application is compatible with any iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch running iOS 3.1.2 or above or any Android device running Android 2.2 or above.
	['', 'photo sharing', ' ', 'photo app', ' ', 'photo editing', '']
Lively (Wireless Monitoring Technology)
	Developer of a wireless monitoring technology for senior citizens. The company has developed a safety watch and sensors for monitoring pill dispensers, appliances and other everyday items. The system shares sensor data through its home health platform for older adults, enabling family members and other caregivers to get alerts.
	['', 'remote sensor', ' ', 'remote monitoring', ' ', 'family networking', ' ', 'family communication platform', ' ', 'photo sharing', ' ', 'family message sharing', '']
GroupMe
	Owner and operator of a group messaging, conference call, and location and photo sharing network.
	['', 'texting platform', ' ', 'cellphone application', ' ', 'blackberry application', ' ', 'sharing software', '']
Plixi
	Provider of photos sharing services. The company operates an open media sharing platform for the social Web. Its platform allows users to share their media for social networks through mobile devices and the Web.
	['', 'photos sharing service', ' ', 'media sharing platform', ' ', 'photo sharing', '']
P.S.XO
	Provider of a web based e-commerce platform for parents. The company uses a mobile platform for parents to teach and share children based activities and photos.
	['', 'photo sharing', ' ', 'family entertainment', ' ', 'child entertainment', ' ', 'parenting community', ' ', 'craft idea', '']
Tapulous
	Developer of iPhone and Android applications. The company application includes Tap Tap Revenge (the sequel to Tap Tap Revolution), Twinkle (a Twitter client) and Collage (a real-time collaborative photo sharing application).
	['', 'iPhone application', ' ', 'android application', ' ', 'photo sharing platform', '']
Happiness Engines
	Provider of social, coloring book. The company allows people to upload and turn photos into sketches, which they can actually draw on and color, remix and share.
	['', 'coloring book', ' ', 'photo sketch', ' ', 'photo sharing', '']
Photoflow
	Provider of an online application offering event-based photo sharing services. The company provides event-based photo sharing services that aggregates content from multiple users as well as images from photo booths stationed at different venues.
	['', 'event photography', ' ', 'social event photography', ' ', 'photo sharing service', ' ', 'event-based', ' ', 'photo booths', '']
Path
	Provider of a social photo sharing application and service. The company’s platform enables group messaging, sharing photos and graphics, which can be imported to social networks.
	['', 'photo sharing application', ' ', 'photo sharing service', ' ', 'mobile social network', '']
Imagekind
	Provider of hybrid art, photo-sharing service and a print-on-demand service. The company allows artists to upload and sell framed prints of their pieces and also allows users to purchase one-off prints of their own images. It gives consumers options to purchase poster art from over 50,000 domestic and international artists.
	['', 'photo sharing service', ' ', 'hybrid art', ' ', 'off print image', '']
Zoji
	Developer of a network of users that incorporates reviewing and social networking features for the internet community. The company aims to make invitations social with various web 2.0 features for users creating invites.
	['', 'photo sharing', ' ', 'photo tagging', ' ', 'internet community', ' ', 'restaurant review', ' ', 'social networking', '']
