Lookcraft
	Retailer of curated men\'s apparel and accessories. The company provides men with clothing and accessories suggestions based on the preferences that are selected through the company\'s website, which it then sells as a package to the customer.
	['', 'discovery commerce', ' curated ', 'mens apparel', '']
Koodos
	Retailer of apparel and accessories. The company specializes in selling online excess inventory and end of season stock for various brands.
	['', 'stock clearance sale', ' ', 'online shop', ' ', 'discount fashion store', '']
Styletread
	Online retailer of shoes in Australia. The company is a multi-brand retailer of shoes for men, women and children. Its products include fashion footwear, dress shoes, athletic footwear and boots.
	['', 'online shoe store', ' ', 'athletic footwear', ' ', 'formal shoes', ' ', 'fashion footwear', '']
Wicked Quick Industries
	Designer and manufacturer of apparel for men and women. The company\'s brand is available in top specialty lifestyle accounts and over 150 specialty stores across the United States.
	['lifestyle ', 'outerwear and apparel', ' fabrics']
Zeal
	Provider of eyewear. The company offers sunglasses, goggles and RX eyewear for men, women and athletes. The company also offers HD camera goggles for documenting adventures.
	['eyewear ', 'HD camera', '']
MyBrands
	Provider of an e-commerce clothing outlet. The company provides clothing for both men and women and offers a variety of designer brands. It also sells shoes and accessories.
	['', 'designer clothing', ' ', 'e commerce', ' ', 'mobile shopping', '']
The Fab Shoes
	Provider of online retail of women\'s shoes, accessories and other personalized style items in Europe. The company provides an e-fashion club which features collections of shoes and accessories. It\'s designers prepare a personalized recommendation of trendy accessories that is adapted to the client\'s  style and advises them how to combine them.
	['', 'online shopping', ' ', 'internet shopping', ' ', 'personalized style item', '']
Brands4friends
	Provider of fashion and lifestyle products. The company offers an online shopping club for various brands from the fashion and lifestyle sector. It provides clothes, shoes, accessories, cosmetics, home and living products.
	['', 'online shopping services', ' ', 'lifestyle products', ' ', 'e-commerce', ' ', 'lifestyle product', ' ', 'shopping club', '']
Build A Bear Workshop
	Provider of a storefront workshop where customers create their own teddy bear. The Company provides various types of animals to be stuffed; clothing, shoes and accessories for the stuffed animals and other appropriate toy and accessory items.
	['', 'storefront workshop', ' ', 'teddy bear', ' ', 'stuffed animal', ' ', 'accessory item', '']
M2M Fashion
	Retailer of customized clothing and accessories. The company through its website sells men\'s personalized garments through an online self-surveying process.
	['', 'fashion accessories', ' ', 'personalized garments', ' ', 'customized clothing', ' ', 'self-surveying process', '']
Quincy Apparel
	Designer of woman apparel. The company combines bespoke and ready-to-wear by rethinking traditional clothing sizes allowing women to shop by bust, body shape and height.
	['', 'professional apparel', ' ', 'online clothing', ' ', 'online apparel', ' ', "women\\'s apparel", ' ', 'professional wear', '']
6pm.com
	Provider of an online outlet for discount shoes, clothing, bags, and accessories. The company sells shoes, sandals, boots, slippers, clearance clothing, handbags, backpacks, travel bags, briefcases, watches, sunglasses, jewelry, hats, scarves, gloves, socks, belts, wallets, and electronics.
	['', 'clothing bag', ' watch scarf glove electronic briefcase wallet']
Vipventa
	Provider of an e-commerce platform for fashion and luxury products. The company is a Spain-based retailer of apparel and accessories for men, women and children.
	['', 'e-commerce', ' kinga ', 'disney pictures', '']
Mon Showroom
	Retailer of fashions for men, women and children. The company is an online retailer of French-inspired clothing and accessories.
	['', 'fashion retail store', ' ', 'ready to wear', ' ', 'women trend', '']
Meemi
	Provider of luxury fashion for men and women. The company operates a website that offers various types of clothes, shoes, bags, accessories and designer wears.
	['', 'luxury fashion', ' ', "women\\'s clothing", ' ', 'designer wear', '']
Brandalley
	Operator of an online outlet. The company markets a selection of items at a discounted price, which include clothing, shoes, accessories, leather goods, furniture, jewelry and homeware from past collections, surplus stocks or cancelled orders.
	['', 'online outlet', ' ', 'online retail shopping', ' ', 'leather good', '']
Tannerie de Villefranque
	Operator of a leather processing company. The company engages in tanning, dressing and dyeing of leather. It offers various types of leather for shoes, accessories and furniture industries.
	['leather ', 'leather tanning', ' ', 'leather dressing', '']
