Insider Pages
	Operator of online directory and reviews site in the United States. The company enables people to search local businesses in various categories, including dentists, doctors, hairstylists, plumbers, realtors, and restaurants. It also provides pay-per-call advertising model for merchants and small businesses.
	['', 'online search', ' ', 'local search', ' ', 'online directory', '']
Zars Pharma
	Developer of topically administered drugs. The company\'s products include Pliaglis, a topical local anesthetic cream that provides local dermal anesthesia on intact skin prior to painful cosmetic procedures, such as dermatologic laser surgery and dermal filler injections; Synera, a topical patch designed to provide local dermal anesthesia for potentially painful superficial procedures, such as venous access procedures involving needles and immunization injections of children; and Flexicaine, which is designed to provide rapid dermal analgesia to affected skin for the treatment of post-herpetic neuralgia.
	['', 'pharmaceutical drug', ' ', 'pain management', ' ', 'anesthetic cream', ' ', 'dermal anesthesia', '  immunization ', 'post-herpetic neuralgia', ' psoriasis ', 'hand dermatitis', ' risperidone']
Sharingforce
	Provider of web application. The company promotes Digital Word Of Mouth and helps to convert web traffic into quality leads.
	['', 'web application', ' ', 'online application', ' ', 'robust analytic', '']
MiNeeds
	Provider of an online marketplace for local services. The company provides a website enabling users to post service requests and receive bids from local professional service providers, such as photographers, contractors or dentists.
	['', 'productivity software', ' ', 'local professionals', ' ', 'data strategy', '']
UpNext
	Provider of mobile 3D map applications. The company\'s applications enable users to explore and discover cities, as well as glide around their cities virtually.
	['', '3D map application', ' ', 'mobile 3D map', ' ', '3D navigation', ' ', 'map app', ' ', '3D map', ' ', '3D service', ' ', 'map service', ' mapping']
AskMe
	Provider of online business dictionary. The company provides online local search service that allows people to find relevant providers of products and services in their locality, area or city.
	['', 'online search', '']
Youlicit
	Operator of a web content recommendation engine. The company allows users to discover the web via personalized recommendations based on users interests and enables to find other users interested in the same topics.
	['', 'web content', ' ', 'recomendation engine', ' ', 'personalized recommendations', '']
SideTour
	Provider of an online marketplace to book and host local activities. The company provides a curated list of activities, tours and other memorable things to do from pre-screened hosts, which is then marketed to to out-of-town visitors or local consumers wanting to know their city better. The company\'s service is available in select cities in the U.S.
	['', 'community marketplace', ' ', 'online booking service', ' ', 'hotel booking', ' ', 'peer-to-peer marketplace', ' ', 'curated activities', ' ', 'social marketplace', '']
Loku
	Operator of a local search site. The company promotes local discovery and allows its users to discover events, restaurants, news, deals and businesses, and local experts in various cities.
	['', 'local results', ' ', 'local search', ' ', 'discover events', '']
Zoomf
	Provider of a residential property sales and letting search engine. The company also offers consumers local market intelligence and information on local amenities in their area of choice, via map and listings.
	['', 'residential property', ' ', 'market intelligence', ' ', 'search engine', '']
Offermatic
	Operator of websites that offer daily deals on local goods, services, and cultural events for businesses and consumers. The company brings local buyers and sellers together by delivering personalized savings to consumers based on their spending history. By linking existing credit and debit cards to an Offermatic account, people receive automatic discount offers on products and services, without the hassle of redeeming coupons or vouchers.
	['discount ', 'daily deal', ' ', 'group buying', ' coupon']
Where
	Provider of local search and recommendation services on mobile phones and Web applications. The company offers WHERE, a mobile application for searching and locating places, events, and special offers; Where.com, a Web portal that offers local search and recommendation services; Traffic.com, a mobile traffic application that provides traffic related data in the United States with coverage in various metropolitan areas; and WHERE Ads, a hyper-local advertising network.
	['', 'location service', ' ', 'local search', ' ', 'hotel search', ' ', 'mobile traffic', ' ', 'local advertising', ' ', 'mobile advertising', '']
SpotLikes
	Provider of a local business review platform. The company provides a social-local platform for listing, referring and discovering trusted local businesses.
	['', 'business review', ' ', 'business listing', ' ', 'information service', '']
CitySquares Online
	Provider of a hyper-local search engine. The company helps the local, neighborhood small businesses get found online.
	['', 'local search engine', ' ', 'local business information', ' ', 'hyper local engine', '']
Juice in the City
	Owner and operator of a Website that pairs moms with local businesses and daily deals.
	['', 'local business', ' ', 'local deal', ' ', 'discount deal', ' ', 'deal recommendation', '']
