BioMonde (Acquired by ZooBiotic)
	Manufacturer of larval therapy products used to treat wounds like diabetic ulcers and orthopaedic wounds. The company produces and distributes fly maggots for wound treatment at clinics.
	['', 'larval debridement therapy', ' ', 'medical supply', ' ', 'therapeutic device', '']
LZ Therapeutics
	Developer of therapeutics for patients at different stages of Parkinson’s disease. The company provides neuroprotective/neurorestoritive therapies for early-stage Parkinson’s disease (PD), a combination therapy with levodopa-enhancing and anti-dyskinesia effects designed for mid-stage PD patients and gene therapies for advanced PD patients.
	['', 'parkinson therapeutic', ' ', 'neurorestoritive therapy', ' ', 'anti dyskinesia effect', ' ', 'gene therapy', '']
SwitchGear Genomics
	Provider of products for studying gene regulation in the human genome. The company develops new insights into gene regulatory networks, allowing researchers to screen entire pathways in living cells.
	['', 'human genome', ' ', 'gene regulation', ' ', 'gene regulatory networks', ' ', 'living cells', '']
Oxford BioMedica
	Developer of gene-based medicines and therapeutic vaccines. The company\'s technology platform includes a gene delivery system for the treatment of the diseases of the central nervous system and the eye and a tumor antigen for anti-cancer therapy.
	['', 'gene-based medicines', ' ', 'therapeutic vaccines', ' ', 'gene delivery system', ' ', 'tumor antigen', ' ', 'anti-cancer therapy', '']
Tissue Repair Company
	Operator of biopharmaceutical company with a clinical-stage focus on products that promote tissue repair. The company\'s scientific expertise is based on gene therapy, growth factor biology, tissue regeneration and product development.
	['', 'tissue repair', ' ', 'tissue regeneration', ' ', 'gene therapy', '']
Voyager Therapeutics
	Provider of gene therapies for diseases of the central nervous system. The company is a gene therapy company that develops treatments for fatal and debilitating diseases of the central nervous system.
	['', 'gene therapy', ' ', 'central nervous system', ' ', 'adreno virus', '']
Rehab Associates
	Provider of physical and occupational therapy services in owned and managed free-standing clinics and hospital departments. The company operates 37 points of service throughout the states of Alabama, Colorado, Georgia, Illinois and Missouri.
	['', 'therapy service', ' ', 'free-standing clinics', ' ', 'occupational therapy', ' ', 'managed free-standing', '']
Radiant Medical
	Developer of endovascular temperature therapy products. The company offers its products to advance the treatment of patients with acute ischemic or inflammatory medical conditions, such as heart attack, radiocontrast nephropathy, stroke, and cardiac arrest.
	['', 'endovascular temperature therapy', ' ', 'medical care product', ' ', 'acute ischemic treatment', '']
RGene Therapeutics
	Developer of gene therapy and other nucleic acid-based drugs. The company intends to develop and commercialize gene therapies for in-vivo approaches to ovarian and breast cancer, an ex-vivo anti-sense treatment for chronic myelogenous leukemia and other applications of its gene and nucleic acid delivery systems.
	['', 'gene therapy', ' ', 'nucleic acid', ' ', 'breast cancer', ' ', 'chronic myelogenous leukemia', '']
Spark Therapeutics
	Developer of gene therapy products. The company develops gene therapy products to address debilitating diseases including retinal dystrophies.
	['', 'gene therapy', ' ', 'disease treatment', ' ', 'medical research', '']
REGENXBIO
	Operator of an adeno-associated virus gene therapy company. The company develops proprietary gene therapy tech to advance treatments for lysosomal storage disorders and ocular diseases, as well as other serious diseases.
	['', 'gene therapy', ' adeno-associated ', 'viral vector', ' ', 'clinical trail', '']
Unwind Me
	Provider of massage therapy services. The company provides massage and wellness services to the customers at their own convenience.
	['', 'massage therapy', ' ', 'wellness service', ' Massage']
Hémax Génome
	Provider of a gene-discovery platform for mapping a gene on the X chromosome that is involved in regulating hematopoiesis. The company also applies its gene-discovery platform to other genes responsible for diseases showing an unequal distribution amongst genders.
	['', 'gene-discovery platform', ' ', 'hematopoiesis regulation', ' ', 'genes identification', ' biotechnology']
Plexpress
	Developer of novel gene expression analysis systems. The company is developing and marketing novel gene expression analysis assay called TRAC which helps to serve a range of applications and experimental systems, including ADME-Tox screening and disease research. Plexpress was established as a spinoff from the Finnish Technology Research Center (VTT) in 2007.
	['', 'analysis system', ' ', 'novel gene expression analysis', ' ', 'disease research', '']
Xenon Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of medicines focused on rare diseases. The company\'s core enabling discovery platform is focused on studying rare human diseases with extreme traits, including diseases caused by mutations in ion channels, known as channelopathies.
	['', 'rare disease', ' channelopathy ', 'gene therapy', ' ', 'discovery platform', ' ', 'ion channel mutation', '']
Somatix Therapy
	Developer of gene therapy. The company engages in research, development and commercialization of proprietary processes for the genetic modification of cells and their use in the treatment of human disease.
	['genetic ', 'gene therapy', '']
Dimension Therapeutics
	Developer of gene therapies for rare diseases. The company develops novel treatment and focus on advancing its platform of gene therapy programs in rare diseases through clinical development, starting with lead programs in hemophilia and building out a world-class product engine for adeno-associated virus (AAV) therapeutics.
	['', 'novel treatment', ' ', 'gene therapy', ' ', 'clinical development', '']
