Performable
	Provider of an internet marketing software. The company provides a marketing software platform for converting visitors into customers.
	['', 'online marketing', ' ', 'marketing software', ' ', 'internet marketing software', '']
Procite
	Provider of information reference management software. The company has developed a software which give users flexibility to manage special collections and create unlimited work-forms.
	['', 'management software', '']
Franck Style
	Provider of leather goods. The company provides retail services of leather goods.
	['', 'leather goods', ' ', 'retail services', ' leather']
Cloudtop
	Provider of a software-application connection service. The company provides a software platform that enables users to connect, store and process any file from anywhere on the Internet. Users can connect their apps to more than a dozen online services, in 2 lines of code, and the software handles uploading of the files, delivering a short URL to store and to read from.
	['', 'mobile app', ' ', 'cloud service', ' ', 'mobile tool', ' ', 'sync multiple services', '']
Virtugo Software
	Provider of software products that monitor, control and optimize virtual and physical server environments. The company delivers a workflow engine-based software platform that enables system integrators to automate customer specific system management processes for computing and communications environments.
	['', 'optimize virtual server', ' ', 'workflow engine', ' ', 'performance monitoring', ' ', 'capacity management', '']
Maestro Commerce
	Provider of an e-commerce software platform. The company is the creator of a hosted suite of software tools enabling companies to operate as online vendors. The software provides users with online storefronts, merchandising, catalogs and inventory control.
	['', 'e-commerce software', ' ', 'scalable application suite', ' ', 'e-business products', ' ', 'application services', ' ', 'application service provider', ' ', 'dot-com companies', '']
Oculis Labs
	Developer of cybersecurity software. The company provides a software platform designed to protect visual on-screen data by blurring the images from nearby viewers who are not the computer\'s users.
	['', 'data privacy', ' ', 'privacy software', ' ', 'information system', '']
Envoii
	Provider of online marketing services. The company develops a distributed software platform that allows businesses to leverage their current infrastructure while making transition to the next generation internet.
	['', 'e commerce', ' ', 'online marketing', ' ', 'online shopping', ' ', 'web services', '']
ViVOtech (Reader Business)
	Provider of contactless/near field communications (NFC) payment software. The company\'s products include contactless payment systems; ViVOnfc, an OTA infrastructure software for NFC mobile payments and promotions; and ViVOplatform, which provides retailers with the software platform for promotional and loyalty applications.
	['', 'financial software', '']
FXI Technologies
	Operator of a hardware and software platform. The company manufactures screen connected companion devices for advanced content. It also has developed a product cotton candy which can be used as companion device with smartphones, tablets and notebook.
	['', 'companion devices', ' content ', 'cotton candy', ' notebook']
ViaFit
	Provider of orthotic and prosthetic goods and services. The company offers various types of bracing from off-the-shelf wrist splints to custom molded back braces, sports braces and functional knee braces.
	['orthotic ', 'prosthetic goods', ' braces']
CÜR Media
	Provider of an internet radio platform. The company has developed a DMCA compliant internet radio product developed for both the iPhone and Android platforms.
	['', 'internet radio platform', ' ', 'local radio', ' ', 'online radio', ' ', 'mobile radio', ' ', 'internet radio', '']
Signal Data
	Provider of proprietary retail analytic software platform. The company offers analytic, operational data and mapping analysis to assess the quality of U.S.-based retailers locations on a comprehensive and updated basis.
	['', 'analytic software platform', ' ', 'mapping analysis', ' ', 'analytic platform', ' ', 'data analytic software', '']
Mekanist
	Developer of a shopping software platform. The company has developed a software platform for consumers to buy goods and services on the internet.
	['', 'shopping software', ' ', 'online shop', ' ', 'buy online', '']
