NYX
	Provider of oil and natural gas. The company specializes in the exploration and development of fossil fuel reserves.
	['', 'oil and natural gas exploration', ' ', 'fossil fuel reserves', '']
Caltec Productive Solutions
	Provider of compact separation systems for improving oil and gas production. The company\'s products and solutions enable customers to improve the life of oil and gas assets.
	['', 'compact separation systems', ' ', 'energy production', ' ', 'energy usage', '']
Viking Intervention Technology
	Developer of technology for the oil & gas industry. The company is the creator of patented technology for the intervention of oil & gas wells, including pressure-control equipment.
	['', 'oil well maintenance', ' ', 'gas well maintenance', ' ', 'commercial services', ' ', 'well intervention', ' ', 'oil well intervention', ' ', 'pressure control equipments', '']
Saltire Group International
	Operator of an offshore company in the oil and gas sector. The company engages itself in exploration, trading and development opportunities in the solid minerals and oil and gas sectors.
	['offshore ', 'oil sector', ' ', 'gas sector', '']
Digital H2O
	Provider of water management services. The company develops a cloud-based platform for the management of water in oil and gas operations.
	['', 'cloud-based software', ' ', 'supply chain', ' ', 'oilfield water', '']
LizardTech
	Provider of software products for managing and distributing geospatial data. The company offers MrSID technology, a wavelet-based image encoder, viewer, and file format. The company serves civil, defense, and oil and gas markets, architecture, engineering, and construction markets.
	['', 'image encoder', ' ', 'geospatial data', ' ', 'software products', '']
Tubel Technologies
	Provider of technology for oil and gas industry\'s Exploration and Production (E&P) business. The company provides downhole two-way, wireless sensor systems for coiled tubing stimulation and permanent or retrofit reservoir monitoring, as well as downhole power generator and fiber optic pressure sensor system for downhole permanent monitoring.
	['', 'gas industry', ' ', 'exploration business', ' ', 'wireless casing collar', '']
Tilford Pinson Exploration
	Explorer and developer of oil and gas. The company develops coal-bed methane gas and hydrocarbon reserves utilizing horizontal drilling technology and 3-D seismic imaging to explore for hydrocarbon reserves.
	['', 'methane gas', ' ', 'hydrocarbon reserves', ' ', 'drilling technology', '']
Stingray Geophysical
	Provider of Permanent Reservoir Monitoring (PRM) solutions to the global oil and gas industry. The company\'s product us used by oil and gas companies in monitoring the movement, levels, pressure and mapping of oil and gas in reservoirs.
	['', 'oil mapping', ' ', 'oil drilling', ' ', 'gas mapping', ' reservoir ', 'reservoir monitoring solutions', '']
Engineered nanoProducts
	Producer of nano structured functional coatings for metals, plastics and other materials. The company\'s products and services are divided into two basic technology fields, coating technology and oil and gas technology.
	['nanotechnology semiconductors ', 'functional coatings', '']
Presens
	Developer of pressure-sensor devices. The company develops temperature and flow-measurement products for the aerospace, automotive and subsea oil and gas industries. The products are designed for high-pressure measurements and severe environments.
	['sensors ', 'pressure sensor services', ' ', 'temperature measurement', ' ', 'monitoring and control systems', '']
AGM
	Developer of 3-D geological interpretation software. The company offers Recon, a 3-D geological interpretation software that helps in real-time geological workflows. It serves oil and gas companies.
	['', 'geological interpretation software', ' ', 'oil company', ' ', 'gas company', ' ', 'software application', '']
Prepreg-SKM
	Manufacturer of products from carbon and mineral-fiber composites. The company is a manufacturer of prepregs, a semi-finished composite material that can be turned into monolithic articles of complex forms that require minimal tooling. The company\'s products are used in aviation and space, automobile manufacturing and ship building, construction, oil and gas production, pipeline transport, medicine and wind power.
	['', 'carbon fiber', ' ', 'polymer composite material', ' ', 'nanofilled prepreg', ' ', 'automobile manufacturing', ' ', 'ship building', ' ', 'gas production', '']
G2 Microsystems
	Developer of Wi-Fi system-on-chip modules and networking applications. The company\'s application is used for asset tracking applications in healthcare, oil, gas, chemical, government, automotive industries, wireless sensing applications in enterprises, retail outlets, factories, warehouses and in consumer devices, such as media players, gaming platforms, digital cameras, remote controls, headsets and computer peripherals.
	['', 'wi fi system', ' ', 'networking application', ' ', 'asset tracking', '']
Altamira Information
	Provider of ground satellite image analysis services. The company provides round movement measurements with millimetric precision and mapping applications using satellite images. It offers ground motion and mapping products to major industry sectors like oil and gas, infrastructure, mining, insurance, environment, natural hazards, research and space.
	['', 'ground satellite', ' ', 'image analysis', ' ', 'satellite image', ' ', 'mapping product', ' ', 'ground motion', ' infrastructure mining']
Rovsing Dynamics
	Developer of industrial monitoring systems. The company is the developer of monitoring technology designed to provide insight into machinery health and predictive maintenance information for oil and gas, maritime and power- generation industries.
	['', 'condition monitoring', ' machinery']
Deutsche Rohstoff
	Explorer of diversified resource of various resource properties. The company explores for tungsten, molybdenum, rare earth metals, indium, gallium, cobalt and tin, as well as for oil and gas properties.
	['', 'metal exploration', ' ', 'resource properties', ' ', 'oil and gas properties', '']
Agropeace Bio
	Developer of a large scale agro-industrial plantations. The company cultivates, harvests and processes castor seeds for extracting oil and supplying it to the bio-diesel industry as well as other commercial ventures.
	['bio-diesel ', 'clean fuel', ' biopolymer plantations']
Nowcasting International
	Provider of weather forecasting and data systems especially metocean systems for the offshore industry. The company delivers weather information provided by partner companies to customers using its Nowcast Pro technology. It provides detailed, integrated short-range information which can be updated every hour. Its customers include ferry operators, navies, coastguards, offshore oil and gas operators, shipping companies and individual boat owners.
	['', 'weather information', ' ', 'weather forecasting', ' weather']
GeoPark
	GeoPark Ltd was incorporated in Bermuda on February 3, 2003. The Company is engaged in the production, development and exploration of oil and gas reserves. It has oil and gas assets and growth platforms in Chile, Colombia, Brazil and Argentina.
	['', 'oil ans gas', ' ', 'energy exploration service', ' ', 'energy service', '']
MTEM
	Provider of electromagnetic mapping services for onshore and offshore oil and gas reservoirs. The company develops electromagnetic services which produces resistivity profiles to identify hydrocarbons. The company was spun out of University of Edinburgh.
	['', 'electromagnetic mapping', ' ', 'identify hydrocarbons', ' hydrocarbons']
Downhole Injection Systems
	Provider of a platform that engages in installing small diameter coiled tubing into flowing oil and gas wells. The company\'s products and services enable oil and gas producers to inject chemicals downhole to enhance production rates, as well as treat corrosion, scale and paraffin in flowing wells.
	['', 'coiled tube installation', ' ', 'gas well', ' ', 'paraffin treatment', ' ', 'gas producer', '']
Ometric
	Provider of spectroscopy technology. The company uses its patented Mutivariate Optical Computing platform to perform spectroscopy at the speed of light, providing real-time, in-line process control and final product testing to a variety of industries, including pharmaceuticals, chemicals, agriculture, food and beverage, pet nutrition, environmental, plastics, oil and gas, and multiple cleantech applications.
	['', 'manufacturing process', ' ', 'application-specific', ' ', 'manufacturing information', ' spectroscopy']
OmniWare
	Provider of software for the oil and gas industry. The company allows telcos to deploy and maintain billing systems for a variety of services.
	['', 'billing systems', ' ', 'oil and gas', ' ', 'maintain billing', '']
