Readia
	Developer of educational hand-held device. The company provides learning tool that provides demonstrable educational value in reading, writing, spelling and math.
	['literacy ', 'education service', ' ', 'handheld device', '']
Zinch
	Operator of web site that allows students to post profiles for recruitment into colleges and universities. The company helps colleges to find and recruit students looking for undergraduate, transfer and graduate school opportunities, as well as enables admissions officers to interact with students.
	['', 'college recruitment website', ' ', 'student recruiting', ' ', 'student interaction', '']
Educational Holdings
	Provider of educational products. The company\'s products are designed to provide and promote science and math education as well as reading literacy for children in PreK through 3rd grade.
	['', 'educational products', ' math ', 'reading literacy', '']
Guaranteach
	Provider of online math classes for students, parents, and teachers. The company offers streaming videos in the areas of fundamentals, basic math, fractions, decimals, measurement, pre algebra, probability, geometry, trigonometry, linear algebra, calculus, and processes.
	['', 'online math tutorial', ' ', 'assessment tool', ' ', 'online math class', '']
Beijing Yi Tong World Culture Media
	Provider of online education services. The company provides education services and helps its students develop extra curricular activities through its schools in Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen and other cities of China.
	['', 'online education', ' ', 'extra curricular activity', ' ', 'education service', '']
Boundless Learning
	Provider of e-learning services. The company offers online educational content for students, educators, and self-learners. It focuses on higher education.
	['', 'e-learning service', ' ', 'educational content', ' ', 'reinventing textbook', '']
MediaSeek Technologies
	Provider of educational internet tools, technology and services.  The company provides education information management for educators, K-12 students, parents, adult students, business professionals and others requiring educational materials.
	['', 'curriculum orchestrator', ' ', 'correlation search technology', ' ', 'educational resources', ' ', 'educational content', '']
Collegefeed
	Developer of a social platform for students and employers. The platform offers a Facebook-like news feed where students can access tuition help, job opportunities, interview-preparation help and access to alumni and mentors. It connects employers with students as they progress through school as opposed to forcing decisions through short interviews, career fairs and campus visits.
	['', 'job opportunity', ' ', 'job seeking platform', ' ', 'digital platform', '']
Aequus Technologies
	Provider of technology products and services. The company\'s products includes Aequus VRS which provides video relay services for the Deaf and hard-of-hearing community under the brand name Snap!VRS, Aequus DPS which develops and markets digital publishing services designed to improve learning outcomes for all students, including students with special needs and Aequus EKS which partners with technology providers to encode content with knowledge for intelligent adaptation for unique user needs, business processes, and decision making applications.
	['', 'digital publishing', ' ', 'video relay', ' ', 'information management', ' ', 'electronics equipment', '']
