Warwick Effect Polymers
	Provider of specialty biopolymers for the modification of biological products. The company provides advanced polymers for the biosciences, materials and specialty chemicals industries.
	['', 'polymer synthesis', ' ', 'Speciality Polymer', ' PolyPEG  GlycoPol Polymerisation ', 'specialty chemicals', '']
Konarka Technologies
	Developer of specialized photovoltaic materials used to convert light to energy. The company develops and advances nano-enabled polymer photovoltaic materials for commercial, industrial, government, and consumer applications. It provides standard products to serve portable power needs; and custom solutions, such as roll up chargers, personal accessories, and fold up chargers.
	['', 'photovoltaic material', ' ', 'energy production', ' ', 'light conversion', ' ', 'polymer photovoltaic', ' ', 'portable power', ' ', 'power generation', ' ', 'roll up charger', ' ', 'fold up charger', ' ', 'solar energy', '']
Torrex Equipment
	Developer of semiconductor manufacturing equipments. The company has developed a technology for front-end thermal film depositions that helps semiconductor manufacturers to build leading edge chips. It develops atomic layer deposition and low pressure chemical vapor deposition systems for the semiconductor industries.
	['', 'semiconductor equipment', ' ', 'photographic equipment', ' ', 'photocopying equipment', ' Electronics']
Sunrise Global Solar Energy
	Manufacturer of photovoltaic cells. The company engages in the design, manufacture and distribution of photovoltaic cells and solar energy products. It also offers monocrystalline and multicrystalline solar cells.
	['photovoltaic ', 'solar cells', ' monocrystalline plant']
Innotech Solar
	Provider of technology to classify and upgrade non-prime c-Si solar cells within the solar industry. The company uses laser-based process, to maximize electricity production by optimizing various types of solar cells.
	['', 'solar cell', ' ', 'electricity production', ' ', 'non prime cell', '']
Ormecon
	Developer of nanoscale conductive polymers. The company develops products based on conductive polymers and nano dispersion, with a portfolio of products used in industries such as the automotive sector, for printed circuit boards, OLEDs, electroluminescence lamps and photovoltaic/solar cells.
	['', 'conductive polymers', ' ', 'nano dispersion', ' ', 'circuit board', '']
CDI Biosciences
	Developer of biotechnology to imporove yield of bioproducts. The company developes technology that is used to control the metabolism of cells.
	['', 'mammalian cell', ' ', 'cellular system', '  ', 'Genetic engineering technology', '']
Nanoconduction
	Provider of products based on carbon nanotube technology optimized for IC chips, LEDs  and Solar Cells. The company develops nano-based electronic cooling Technology.
	['nanotechnology ', 'nanoconduction technology', ' semiconductors']
Semiconductor Manufacturing International
	Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp was established as an exempt company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on April 3, 2000. The Company, together with its subsidiaries, is engaged in the computer-aided design, manufacturing, testing, packaging, and trading of integrated circuits and other semiconductor services. The Company operates wafer fabrication facilities in China, including facilities at Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Shenzhen, with an aggregate capacity of up to 247,500 8-inch wafer equivalents per month. It provides integrated circuit (IC) foundry and technology services at 0.35-micron to 28-nanometer. Currently, the Company has 300mm wafer fabrication facility (fab) and a 200mm mega-fab in Shanghai, a 300mm mega-fab and a second majority owned 300mm fab under development for advance nodes in Beijing, a 200mm fab in Tianjin, and a 200mm fab in Shenzhen. It also has customer service and marketing offices in the U.S., Europe, Japan, and Taiwan, and a representative office in Hong Kong. Its fabrication processes uses many raw materials, primarily silicon wafers, chemicals, gases, and various types of precious and other metals. It manufactures silicon wafers based on proprietary designs provided by its customers or third party designers. Its customers include IDMs, fabless semiconductor companies and systems companies. Its competitors are other pure-play foundries such as TSMC, UMC and Global Foundries. The Company is subject to substantial regulation by the Chinese government.
	['', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'wafer fabrication', ' ', 'integrated device', ' fabless']
Plasmart
	Developer of plasma generation and monitoring systems for semiconductors. The company manufactures, and supplies instruments and components used to measure, control and analyze productivity in semiconductor and other advanced manufacturing processes.
	['', 'plasma generation', ' ', 'monitoring system', ' ', 'advanced manufacturing process', '']
Voltaix
	Provider of materials for semiconductor chips and solar cells. The company provides electronic chemicals and gases used in semiconductor manufacturing processes. It also provides supply of deposition precursors for production of photovoltaic cells.
	['', 'electronic chemical', ' ', 'deposition precursor', ' ', 'photovoltaic cell', ' ', 'semiconductor', '']
