Health Month
	Provider of social game around improving health habits. The company offers a game that allows users to improve their health habits by identifying their unhealthy eating habits and providing strategies for changing them.
	['', 'social game', ' ', 'health habit', ' ', 'behavior change', '']
Yvolver
	Developer of a consumer-engagement platform for the gaming sector. The company develops a platform to increase retention, engagement and monetization for mobile game developers through loyalty techniques and predictive analytics.
	['', 'player engagement', ' ', 'user retention', ' ', 'mobile monetization', ' ', 'predictive analytics', ' ', 'mobile gaming', '']
5Rocks
	Provider of business intelligence tools for mobile gaming developers. The company develops and provides analytics and marketing automation tools for mobile game developers.
	['', 'mobile game', ' ', 'application developing tool', ' ', 'automation tool', '']
Conker
	Provider of management software for games companies. The company helps in optimizing game revenue using predictive behavioral analytics.
	['', 'Player Experience Management', ' ', 'game revenue', ' ', 'predictive behavioral analytics', ' players ', 'online game', '']
Applicasa
	Provider of a management platform for game developers. The company provides a platform for mobile-game developers that is designed to handle the backend elements of business, with a full hosting service and tools for device synchronization, user\'s registration, analytics and virtual currency.
	['', 'game developers', ' ', 'device synchronization', ' ', 'backend as a service', ' ', 'payment service', '']
Cytheris
	Developer of therapies for immune modulation. The company offers drugs focused for lymphopenic patients. The company\'s product helps to enhance the immune system of cancer and chronic viral patients.
	['', 'immune modulation', ' oncology']
Natratec International
	Developer and manufacturer of organic protective emulsions. The company primarily focuses on producing emulsions which retain the freshness of fruits and vegetables and increase the egg hatching rate of poultry.
	['', 'organic preservation', ' ', 'food freshness', ' ', 'agricultural product', '']
Staq.io
	Developer of an analytics product for game management. The company offers an analytics product that helps game developers understand how to retain and monetize engaged players.
	['', 'analytics product', ' ', 'game developer', ' ', 'retain player', ' ', 'monetize player', ' ', 'game management', '']
Kontagent
	Provider of a hosted and on demand viral analytics platform for social network application developers. The company\'s social analytics and marketing automation platform enables casual game publishers and game developers to engineer viral growth and gain an understanding of the demographics of their user base.
	['', 'data pattern visualization', ' ', 'analytic platform', ' ', 'social graph', ' ', 'retention tracking', ' ', 'revenue tracking', ' ', 'application monitoring', '']
Z2
	Developer of multiplayer and social gaming platforms for mobile devices and wireless networks. The company’s platform enables game developers to implement subscription based services, such as game lobbies, leader boards, invites, push notifications, achievements, NAT traversal, text chat, voice chat and presence. It also provides marketing support and analytic services.
	['', 'social gaming platform', ' ', 'multiplayer gaming platform', ' ', 'game development', '']
Namaste Entertainment
	Provider of a platform for computer game developers. The company develops lets game developers add emotions and complex behaviors to game characters. It works alongside game studios to integrate a toolset into online games like MMORPGs.
	['', 'game application', ' ', 'role playing game', ' ', 'tablet game', '']
Wwg Worldwide Games
	Publisher of browser games for game developers and content provider for media companies. The company\'s products are browser games like Rage of Storms, Desert Blitz, Nemexia, Kiez King and Pirates of Tortuga 2.
	['', 'browser game', ' ', 'game developer', ' ', 'online gaming', '']
