Zattikka
	Developer of online and mobile social network games and mobile applications. The company develops and operates internet games development and mobile publishing business.
	['', 'social network game', ' ', 'direct consumer website', ' ', 'browser based game', ' ', 'gaming application', '']
SurgeryEdu
	Developer of a mobile application which provides brief 3D interactive procedure animation. The company helps healthcare professionals to educate patients about medical procedures using 3D interactive animations through tablet based mobile applications.
	['', 'education application', ' animation ', 'doctor-patient communication', ' ', 'medical device', '']
Compass Quality Insight
	Developer of a software quality assurance platform. The company\'s testing product, Compass Profiler, provides testers with analytics to prioritize testing effort by identifying exactly what has changed in a web application, how it might interact with other parts of the software, and the location of potential testing gaps that may allow bugs to slip through.
	['', 'internet application', ' ', 'infrastructure software tool', ' ', 'web application', ' ', 'testing application', ' ', 'quality software', ' ', 'testing software', ' ', 'quality testing', '']
TapCanvas
	Developer of a tool to build single-use mobile applications. The company focuses on building disposable, context-specific applications using web technologies.
	['', 'application building', ' ', 'application development', ' ', 'web technology', '']
Appurify
	Provider of performance-optimization testing for mobile applications. The company’s platform enables software developers to test their applications on iOS and Android devices under real user conditions. It also provides debugging and optimization tools, actionable test outputs, scriptless tests and framework tests.
	['', 'optimization platform', ' ', 'testing platform', ' ', 'debugging application', '']
BlueChip Technologies
	Developer of device agnostic lone worker support service. The company provides personal safety devices, mobile applications, systems & processes & other other range of procurement options.
	['', 'device support', ' ', 'system support', ' ', 'application device', '']
Evertale
	Developer of mobile applications. The company provides an application that automatically logs user\'s activities through mobile devices and creates a scrapbook.
	['', 'user activity', ' ', 'scrapbook application', ' ', 'social application', '']
Sogeti
	Provider of technology and software testing services. The company provides software control testing, applications management, infrastructure management, high technology engineering/global engineering, business intelligence and analytics, mobile/Omni-channel, security and cloud services.
	['', 'software testing', ' ', 'software control testing', ' ', 'application management', '']
RotaryView
	Developer of mobile applications for e-commerce websites. The company enables the users to shoot, upload and post high quality 360 degree views in under five minutes using RotaryView\'s free mobile app or any digital camera, compared to purchasing expensive industry equipment.
	['', 'mobile apps', ' ', 'software support services', '']
Cambridge Silicon Radio (Mobile Business)
	Developer of mobile chip and handset. The company provides technology for handset connectivity.
	['', 'mobile chip', ' ', 'handset connectivity', ' handset']
RelQ Software
	Provider of softrware testing services. The company offers real-time and embedded applications testing, including mission critical software testing, for clients looking to deploy applications across the enterprise.
	['', 'functional testing', ' ', 'competitive advantage', ' ', 'business applications', '']
GetOne Rewards
	Developer of software and mobile applications for retail sectors. The company develops software and mobile applications for retail establishments wanting to digitize their traditional loyalty, communications and marketing systems and integrates them into one platform.
	['', 'custom development', ' ', 'digital loyalty program', ' ', 'digitalize loyalty card', ' ', 'targeted mobile marketing', '']
BLGG Group
	Developer of agribusiness testing products. The company specializes in testing, sampling, and consulting services focusing on fertilizing, crop residue, soil health, and nutritional levels. The company focuses on a micro level analysis, analyzing mineral content of the soil.
	['', 'crop testing', ', ', 'agriculture testing', ', ', 'soil health', ', ', 'crops', '']
Splitforce
	Developer of mobile testing applications. The company provides A/B testing for mobile applications and games.
	['', 'mobile analytics', ' ', 'A/B testing', ' ', 'mobile testing application', '']
Tektagen
	Provider of quality control testing and consulting services to the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. The company provides biosafety and bioanalytical testing services.
	['', 'quality control', ' ', 'bioanalytical testing services', ' biotechnology']
Xtreme Labs
	Developer of mobile applications. The company develops applications for Android, BlackBerry, iPhone, iPad, Symbian and Windows Phone 7.
	['', 'Mobile Development', ' ', 'Discovery Product Performance', ' ', 'iOS application', '']
Look.io
	Developer of mobile engagement tools. The company is a provider of overlay live chat support with visual feedback into mobile applications that allows customer service agents to view and support mobile users in real-time.
	['feedback ', 'real time', ' chat']
