Verrillon
	Manufacturer of specialty optical fibers and components for oil and gas, military, avionics, industrial and communications market. The company offers harsh environment fibers, gyroscope fibers, communications fibers, fiber laser fibers, index multimode optical fibers, avionic cabled fiber, polarization-maintaining fibers and rare-earth doped fibers. It also provides fiber in metal tube, which is the process of encapsulating optical fibers within a hermetically sealed metal tube for protection against the hydrostatic pressures, high temperature effects and corrosive environments associated with down-hole fiber optic sensing applications.
	['', 'optical fiber', ' ', 'gyroscope fiber', ' ', 'communication fiber', ' ', 'fiber laser glass', '']
Lexy
	Provider of telecommunication solutions. The company provides voice messaging, content sharing and audio listening services to networked devices.
	['', 'voice messaging', ' ', 'telecommunication solutions', ' ', 'audio listening', '']
Corella Electric Wire & Cable
	Manufacturer and supplier of telecommunication and electrical cables. The company is in the miscellaneous fabricated wire products industry and a Hispanic-owned manufacturing firm based in Phoenix.
	['', 'Wire Product', ' ', 'fiberoptic product', ' ', 'Electrical Equipment', ' ', 'telecommunication cable', ' ', 'Cable wire', '']
WCS Wireless-Licences
	Provider of wireless telecommunication services. The company was formed to acquire and hold spectrum licenses in the WCS band.
	['spectrum ', 'radio telephone', ' acquire']
Concord Data Systems
	Manufacturer of telecommunication equipment. The company designs and sells broadband and carrierband modems, network management tools to the telecommunication industries.
	['', 'telecommunication equipment', ' modem ', 'network management', '']
All Optical Networks
	Provider of technology and services to the telecommunication industry. The company provides transmission, routing and storage of information through optical fiber networks.
	['', 'optical fiber', ' routing ', 'information storage', '']
Photonics Applications
	Manufacturer of fiber-optic transmission technology for cable and wireless communications networks. The company also provide design, development and consulting services in fiber-optic transmission technology systems.
	['', 'fiber-optic transmission', ' ', 'wireless communication', ' technology']
Global Metro Networks
	Provider of building and fiber optic communications networks in metropolitan commerce centers in the United States and internationally. The company\'s bandwidth communications infrastructure connects various telecommunication-intensive locations, such as local switching offices, carrier points-of-presence, ISPs, commercial buildings and high technology office parks.
	['', 'fiber optic communication', ' ', 'fiber optic cable', ' ', 'fiber optic network', '']
Surveylab Group
	Developer of data capture hardware devices for the power and telecommunication industry, military and government organizations. The company offers a handheld data capture device that survey assets in the field and store data about those assets in a map database system. It also develops remote measurement and three dimensional modelling hardware and software systems.
	['', 'data capture device', ' ', 'modelling hardware', ' data storage']
AOFR
	Developer of optical fiber component technology. The company manufactures fiber-optic components.
	['', 'optical fiber', ' ', 'fiber component', ' ', 'fiber technology', '']
Omnia Communications
	Manufacturer of integrated voice and data access multiplexers. The company transport solutions to deliver data efficiently over fiber optic networks.
	['', 'access multiplexers', ' ', 'integrated voice', ' ', 'fiber optic', ' network']
Voopii Mobile
	Developer of telecommunication technologies. The company develops wireless routers, mobile WiFi devices and other international data communication products.
	['', 'telecommunication technologies', ' router ', 'WiFi device', '']
Positron Fiber Systems
	Manufacturer of telecommunication equipments. The company develops fiber-optic multiplexers for the telecommunication industry.
	['', 'fiber-optic multiplexers', ' ', 'broadband access', ' ', 'telecommunication carriers', '']
LeveLite
	Provider of self-contained level switches. The company provides self-contained level switches as well as electro optic and fiber optic level systems. It also provides optic level systems that can be applied and installed.
	['', 'fiber optic', ' ', 'electronic optic', '']
Caliopa
	Developer of optical transceivers for the data and telecommunication markets. The company is a spin-off of the Photonics Research Group of Ghent University and imec.
	['', 'optical transceivers', ' ', 'silicon photonics', ' ', 'telecommunication markets', ' ', 'connectivity products', '']
FASMA Technologies
	Developer of a single-laser system for data transfer sector. The company has developed a single-laser system that compresses a large amount of computer data into one fiber optic with the help of multiple colors.
	['', 'data transfer', ' ', 'single laser system', ' ', 'data compression', ' ', 'fiber optic', '']
