Decuma
	Developer of handwriting recognition software for wireless devices such as mobile phones, PDAs and digital pens. The company\'s products are compatible with the palm operating system, windows CE and the Symbian operating system.
	['', 'wireless devices', ' ', 'handwriting recognition', ' ', 'operating system', '']
bTendo
	Developer of personal projection technologies. The company\'s technology enable mobile users to project, view, and share multimedia content from PDAs, multimedia players, digital cameras, laptops, mobile phones, or other handheld devices.
	['', 'projection technology', ' ', 'networking platform', ' ', 'multimedia sharing', ' ', 'content sharing', '']
Tridion
	Developer and provider of web content management software. The company\'s core product, DialogServer, enables enterprises to publish, manage and update their web content. The company\'s system is suited for organizations choosing to use online channels like the web, WAP phones, interactive televisions and handheld devices - to exchange business critical information with customers, partners, suppliers and employees.
	['', 'web content management', ' ', 'interactive televisions', '']
Logic Instrument
	Manufacturer of computer and electronic equipment. The company develops and markets portable personal computers and handheld devices in France.
	['', 'smart phone', ' ', 'electronic equipment', ' ', 'personal computer', '']
AirPrime
	Provider of high-speed, code division multiple access wireless data and voice products to the original equipment manufacturer market. The company focuses on providing the optimal current and next-generation wireless access products for use in handheld devices, notebook PCs and internet appliances.
	['', 'wireless access solutions', ' ', 'wireless access products', ' ', 'wireless data', ' ', 'voice modules', '']
NomadIQ
	Provider of location based applications services for handheld devices. The company offers a wireless service that enables subscribers to access and navigate the Internet, send and receive email messages, and conduct e-commerce transactions over handheld mobile devices.
	['', 'location based application', ' ', 'site information', ' ', 'application development', '']
Flarion Technologies
	Developer of orthogonal frequency division multiplex access (OFDMA) technology and FLASH-OFDM technology for mobile broadband Internet protocol (IP) services. The company makes radio-frequency base stations (RadioRouter) that enable mobile wireless carriers to offer high-speed data services to subscribers. It also licenses the FLASH-OFDM technology to facilitate the design of FLASH-OFDM enabled networks and computing devices, such as notebook PCs, handheld PCs, personal digital assistants, web tablets, and handsets.
	['', 'broadband service', ' ', 'radio frequency station', ' ', 'FLASH-OFDM technology', ' ', 'wireless telecommunication product', '']
Nanoradio
	Manufacturer of wireless semiconductor products for cellular handset and consumer electronics market. The company provides diagnostic tools and software development kits to design embedded applications. It\'s products are used in portable audio, stereo devices, handheld computing devices, wireless phones and mobile gaming platforms.
	['', 'wireless solutions', ' ', 'cellular handsets', ' ', 'software development kits', ' ', 'portable audio', ' ', 'mobile gaming platforms', ' ', 'electronics market', '']
Oscar Mike Games
	Provider of handheld games for multiple platforms. The company also creates and designs mobile based games.
	['', 'handheld game', ' ', 'multiple platforms', ' ', 'mobile based games', '']
Nogatech
	Developer of a codec chipset technology. The company is a global chipset development company that enables consumer electronic companies to design and integrate their video products to desktop and handheld computers.
	['', 'chipset technology', ' ', 'consumer electronic', ' ', 'video product', '']
Cellular3G
	Provider of third generation base-band chips for use in mobiles. The company develops and markets base-band chips with layer of two and three radio protocol stack for third generation handheld devices
	['', 'third generation bandwidth', ' ', 'mobile chip', ' ', 'third generation connection', ' ', 'semiconductor chip', '']
Augusta-Heckenrose
	Manufacturer of specialized saws. The company designs and sells specialized saws for different uses. The company primarily produces handheld saws such as hand saws, bow saws, gardening saws, builder\'s saws, hack saws and fret saws.
	['equipment ', 'saw manufacturer', ' ', 'specialized saws', '']
Handspring
	Provider of handheld computing devices, which include organizers; and integrated, handheld wireless devices, known as communicators or smartphones. The company\'s products include the Treo wireless communicators and Treo 90 organizer, the Visor expandable handheld computers, and client and server software for fast web access from handheld devices and mobile phones.
	['', 'computing device', ' ', 'hand device', ' ', 'wireless device', '']
