SupportLocal
	Operator of a social network for sharing information and opinions. The company\'s platform enables people to give and get local business recommendations from the people they know and trust.
	['', 'share information', ' ', 'share opinions', ' ', 'business recommendations', '']
Krillion
	Operator of a shopping search engine. The company offers audio and video accessories, such as A/V mounts and brackets, headphones, remote controls, and satellite radio accessories; cameras, such as camcorders, digital cameras, and digital picture frames; car audio and electronics, such as car amplifiers, car audio and video accessories, car CD changers, car speakers and subwoofers, in dash car audio, and radio scanners; and handheld electronics, including GPS navigation systems.
	['', 'online shopping', ' ', 'consumer infrastructure', ' ', 'navigation system', ' ', 'video accessory', '']
HiGear
	Provider of a social car-sharing platform. The company offers a platform that enables people to buy cars that they rent. Members of the company\'s network can share and borrow cars from the people in their community, with the option of making an offer if they like the car they drive. The company provides insurance, verification and logistics to users.
	['', 'car sharing platform', ' ', 'car rental', '']
Autonetzer
	Operator of an online platform for car sharing. The company offers an application platform enabling vehicle owners to rent out their cars when they don\'t need them.
	['', 'rental platform', ' ', 'vehicle owner', ' ', 'car sharing', '']
Autoquake
	Provider of an online platform for buying and selling used cars. The company is engaged in the online retail operations of pre-owned and used cars, sports utility vehicles, vans, estate cars, convertibles and sports cars of various manufacturers.
	['', 'used cars', ' ', 'online retail', ' ', 'buying and selling', '']
Netrepreneur Connections Enterprises
	Provider of online platform for buying and selling of used and new cars in the Philippines. The company provides online marketing platform for the Philippine automotive industry, it connect car buyers with private car sellers, used car trade dealerships and new car distributors.
	['', 'car seller buyer', ' ', 'new car', ' ', 'online car market', ' ', 'car purchase', ' ', 'car marketing', '']
Kima Labs
	Provider of online shopping community software for mobile devices to assist in, in-store shopping. The company\'s software enable user to scan and recommend items, see recommendations from people in the community, get ideas for what to buy and compare prices with other stores, as well as provide suggestions for similar products and buy products in physical stores.
	['', 'online shopping', ' ', 'shopping application', ' ', 'barcode scanning', ' ', 'mobile shopping', '']
Flexcar
	Operator of car-sharing programs for its members in the U.S. The company operates a fleet of ultra low emission vehicles, gas-electric hybrids and environmentally-friendly sedans, AWD, minivans, and sports cars. It serves individuals, companies, and public agencies.
	['', 'car sharing', ' ', 'auto sharing', ' ', 'car reservation', '']
QuattroWorld.com
	Operator of a car review website. The company provides readers with news, media and discussions on both past and present Audi cars.
	['Audi ', 'car enthusiast', ' ', "readers\\' review", '']
Portinvest
	Operator of Zeebrugge port investment company which mainly handles trailers, containers, cars and forest products. The company has specializes in handling cargos of cars.
	['', 'port investment', ' ', 'cargo of cars', ' ', 'forest products', '']
Williams of Harrogate
	Provider of online car brokering service through an online platform. The company engages in dealership of various used and new cars of various brands. It offers Drivestyle Connections, a platform for both private and trade buyers and sellers of luxury cars.
	['', 'sports car', ' ', 'motor vehicles', ' ', 'luxury car', '']
