Interactive Advisory Software
	Provider of wealth management software-as-a-service (SaaS) solution for financial advisors and wealth managers. The company offers services like financial planning, portfolio management, customer relationship management, back-office services/reconciliation, rebalancing and trading, client portal and reporting services.
	['', 'Wealth Management Software', ' ', 'Portfolio Management', ' ', 'Financial Planning', ' ', 'Customer Relationship Management', ' ', 'Back Office Services', ' ', 'Client Portals', '']
My New Financial Advisor
	Operator of an online wealth management company. The company focuses on portfolio analysis, growing nation-wide network of financial advisers and institutional passive money management.
	['', 'online wealth management', ' ', 'portfolio analysis', ' ', 'money management', '']
Sprintly
	Provider of project management tool for software developers. The company provides non-programmers view into what the engineers are doing and how far along they are.
	['', 'project management tool', ' ', 'project development', ' ', 'project streamlining', '']
ProjectPartner.com
	Developer of a project management software. The company offers a software for cost analysis, portfolio management, visual reporting and data organizing.
	['', 'project management', ' ', 'cost analysis', ' ', 'portfolio management', ' ', 'data organizing', '']
Decision Dynamics
	Developer and supplier of project controls and real time operations reporting software solutions for project management decisions. The company\'s project cost management solution provides real-time cost capture, validation, approvals and reporting, asset management and analytics.
	['', 'project controls', ' ', 'project management decisions', ' ', 'cost management solution', ' ', 'real time operations', ' ', 'data capture', ' ', 'business analytics solutions', '']
myWealth.com
	Provider of control over investors portfolios by mastering the fundamentals of key markets. The company provides finance courses, investing courses and online investment classes. Its courses cover essentials of currency, stock and ETF trading, as well as portfolio management.
	['', 'investor portfolio', ' ', 'online finance course', ' ', 'online investing course', '']
Anchovi Labs
	Developer of software to help people organize, browse and share their personal photo collection. The company provides software for automatically tagging and organizing images and video based on visual content.
	['', 'online photo collection', ' ', 'online video content', ' ', 'visual content', '']
Pelydryn
	Provider of airborne surveying and hydrographic services. The company\'s services includes project management, bathymetric and environmental surveys in the coastal zone worldwide.
	['hydrographic airborne survey']
Obsorb
	Developer of a project management application. The company offers a software for project management for business organizations.
	['', 'project management', 'documentation', 'decision-making', '']
Constructw@re
	Provider of project management and collaboration solutions to the commercial construction industry. The company\'s product construct@ware is a scalable, secure, web-based solution that simplifies project management and facilitates communication and collaboration among construction companies, owners, designers and subcontractors.
	['', 'project management', ' ', 'collaboration solutions', '']
Fintura
	Operator of a portfolio management company. The company\'s services include leading-edge product development, new account origination, agent issuing and portfolio management.
	['', 'portfolio management', ' ', 'home equity', ' ', 'student loans', '']
Rhapso
	Developer of software services for packaging and printing industries. The company offers software maintenance, server configuration and installation, server software maintenance, onsite training, project management and onsite consulting and parameterization services.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'printing industry', ' ', 'project management', '']
Workiva
	Provider of a cloud based software for external financial reporting to meet SEC reporting requirements. The company provides a software that streamlines the manual process to draft and file Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) reports including XBRL reporting process. It integrates word processing and spreadsheet functionality, EDGAR HTML conversion and XBRL mapping and tagging into a fully-integrated, end-to-end solution that helps SEC reporting teams meet reporting requirements for a range of regulatory filings.
	['', 'financial reporting', ' ', 'regulatory filing mapping', ' ', 'cloud software', '']
Superhuman
	Developer and provider of a software for scheduling and organizing tasks. The company offers SuperCalendar, a planning and organizing application that functions as a personal assistant.
	['', 'scheduling software', ' ', 'personal assistance', ' calender']
Future Point Systems
	Developer of visual information system (VIS) software to government and commercial organizations. The company provides a visual analytics platform that includes visual tools, such as VIS, an information visualization technology that provides data acquisition, information management and analysis capabilities; and XML Engineering Environment, a software solution that enables the development of custom information retrieval and processing. It also provides training, integration, and analysis support services through a network of strategic resellers.
	['', 'visual analytic platform', ' ', 'data acquisition', ' ', 'visual tool', '']
Kluster
	Developer of project collaboration tool. The company provides a technology platform that allows users to collaborate on idea generation, development and execution.
	['', 'project collaboration tools', ' ', 'technology platform', '']
SourceLabs (Certain Assets)
	Provider of support and management tools for Linux and open source software. The company offers a software platform designed to manage petabytes of information across large geographic locations.
	['', 'Linux support tool', ' ', 'linux management tool', ' ', 'open source software', ' ', 'information management', '']
Impress Software
	Developer of software to integrate project-management and geographical-information systems. The company is a provider of packaged integration applications, designed to enable integration of project management and geographical systems into SAP (systems, applications and products in data processing).
	['', 'integration applications', ' geography SAP']
