Octagen
	Operator of biopharmaceutical company. The company develops drugs for hemophilia, other genetic disorders and variations of recombinant B domain to avoid inactivation by flying below the radar screen of the immune system.
	['', 'genetic disorder', ' hemophilia ', 'blood clotting', ' therapies']
NovoGI
	Provider of medical devices for GI disease management. The company\'s clinically proven nitinol technology works with the biological forces of the healing process which enables dynamic compression anastomosis of varying tissue thicknesses for natural healing for various patients undergoing colorectal resection procedures.
	['', 'GI disease management', ' ', 'nitinol technology', ' ', 'colorectal surgery', ' ', 'surgical devices', '']
Carmel Pharma
	Developer of a closed system drug transfer device. The company provides clinically proven closed-system drug transfer device (CSTD) for the safe handling of hazardous drugs. Their PhaSeal system is a closed system for handling antibiotics and cytostatic drugs which minimizes the leakage and spread of aerosols into the work environment, allowing more efficient handling near the patient.
	['', 'drug handling', ' drug ', 'handling antibiotics', '']
Neorphys
	Operator of a biopharmaceutical company focusing on visceral pain management. The company discovered analgesic drug candidate with low side effects, especially on gastrointestinal transit, respiratory depression and addiction.
	['', 'healhcare service', ' ', 'pharmaceutical service', ' ', 'analgesic drug', ' ', 'visceral pain management', '']
Flex Pharma
	Operator of a biopharmaceutical company. The company develops clinically proven products and treatments for muscle cramps and spasms.
	['', 'muscle cramp', ' spasm ', 'neuromuscular disorder', ' program']
Enzymotec
	Developer and manufacturer of nutritional ingredients and medical foods. The company develops clinically validated products including bio-functional, lipid-based compounds addressing supplementation for nutritional deficiencies and the management of medical disorders and diseases.
	['', 'nutritional ingredients', ' ', 'medical foods', ' ', 'lipid compounds', ' ', 'optimal development', ' disorder']
Sterix
	Operator of a biopharmaceutical company. The company specializes in the research and development of a new generation of steroid-based therapeutic products for use in oncology and metabolism or endocrine-related diseases, including cancer treatments, women\'s health, diabetes and hormone-associated diseases.
	['steroid metabolism endocrine']
Twinstrand Therapeutics
	Operator of biopharmaceutical company. The company engages in the discovery, development and commercialization of biological drugs for the treatment of life threatening diseases.
	['', 'biological drugs', ' cancer']
Ansata Therapeutics
	Operator of a biopharmaceutical company focused on dermatologic treatments. The company develops peptide-based topical antibiotics for skin issues.
	['', 'peptide-based', ' ', 'antibiotic product', ' ', 'topical medication', ' ', 'skin infection', ' ', 'pharmaceutical product', '']
