Caltec Productive Solutions
	Provider of compact separation systems for improving oil and gas production. The company\'s products and solutions enable customers to improve the life of oil and gas assets.
	['', 'compact separation systems', ' ', 'energy production', ' ', 'energy usage', '']
Saltire Group International
	Operator of an offshore company in the oil and gas sector. The company engages itself in exploration, trading and development opportunities in the solid minerals and oil and gas sectors.
	['offshore ', 'oil sector', ' ', 'gas sector', '']
LizardTech
	Provider of software products for managing and distributing geospatial data. The company offers MrSID technology, a wavelet-based image encoder, viewer, and file format. The company serves civil, defense, and oil and gas markets, architecture, engineering, and construction markets.
	['', 'image encoder', ' ', 'geospatial data', ' ', 'software products', '']
Tilford Pinson Exploration
	Explorer and developer of oil and gas. The company develops coal-bed methane gas and hydrocarbon reserves utilizing horizontal drilling technology and 3-D seismic imaging to explore for hydrocarbon reserves.
	['', 'methane gas', ' ', 'hydrocarbon reserves', ' ', 'drilling technology', '']
AGM
	Developer of 3-D geological interpretation software. The company offers Recon, a 3-D geological interpretation software that helps in real-time geological workflows. It serves oil and gas companies.
	['', 'geological interpretation software', ' ', 'oil company', ' ', 'gas company', ' ', 'software application', '']
G2 Microsystems
	Developer of Wi-Fi system-on-chip modules and networking applications. The company\'s application is used for asset tracking applications in healthcare, oil, gas, chemical, government, automotive industries, wireless sensing applications in enterprises, retail outlets, factories, warehouses and in consumer devices, such as media players, gaming platforms, digital cameras, remote controls, headsets and computer peripherals.
	['', 'wi fi system', ' ', 'networking application', ' ', 'asset tracking', '']
Vard Brevik Holding
	Operator of a shipbuilding company. The company constructs offshore and specialized vessels used in the offshore oil and gas exploration, production and oil services industries. It develops vessels such as LNG-powered ferries, naval and coast guard vessels, fishing vessels and non-offshore related icebreakers.
	['shipbuilder vessels ', 'oil and gas exploration', ' ', 'LNG-powered ferries', ' ', 'fishing vessels', '']
Altamira Information
	Provider of ground satellite image analysis services. The company provides round movement measurements with millimetric precision and mapping applications using satellite images. It offers ground motion and mapping products to major industry sectors like oil and gas, infrastructure, mining, insurance, environment, natural hazards, research and space.
	['', 'ground satellite', ' ', 'image analysis', ' ', 'satellite image', ' ', 'mapping product', ' ', 'ground motion', ' infrastructure mining']
Deutsche Rohstoff
	Explorer of diversified resource of various resource properties. The company explores for tungsten, molybdenum, rare earth metals, indium, gallium, cobalt and tin, as well as for oil and gas properties.
	['', 'metal exploration', ' ', 'resource properties', ' ', 'oil and gas properties', '']
Nowcasting International
	Provider of weather forecasting and data systems especially metocean systems for the offshore industry. The company delivers weather information provided by partner companies to customers using its Nowcast Pro technology. It provides detailed, integrated short-range information which can be updated every hour. Its customers include ferry operators, navies, coastguards, offshore oil and gas operators, shipping companies and individual boat owners.
	['', 'weather information', ' ', 'weather forecasting', ' weather']
GeoPark
	GeoPark Ltd was incorporated in Bermuda on February 3, 2003. The Company is engaged in the production, development and exploration of oil and gas reserves. It has oil and gas assets and growth platforms in Chile, Colombia, Brazil and Argentina.
	['', 'oil ans gas', ' ', 'energy exploration service', ' ', 'energy service', '']
MTEM
	Provider of electromagnetic mapping services for onshore and offshore oil and gas reservoirs. The company develops electromagnetic services which produces resistivity profiles to identify hydrocarbons. The company was spun out of University of Edinburgh.
	['', 'electromagnetic mapping', ' ', 'identify hydrocarbons', ' hydrocarbons']
