Social Genius
	Developer of social music application for smartphone that combines game mechanics with interactive radio stations. The company\'s product AudioVroom, makes music discovery easy enough that a single click starts a playlist based on user’s preferences. The AudioVroom service is supported by the Echo Nest as well as 7Digital.
	['', 'social music application', ' ', 'radio station', ' ', 'music discovery', '']
Elite Daily
	Provider of online portal to receive information and original content on subjects created by their peers. The company provides and updates about music, health and beauty, dating, celebrities, travel destinations and culture.
	['', 'online news', ' ', 'online information portal', ' ', 'cultural news website', '']
Freshsounds
	Provider of an online music portal. The company offers an online platform that enables users to search, listen and download music.
	['', 'online music portal', ' ', 'online music', ' ', 'music download', ' ', 'music search', '']
GetBack Media
	Provider of an online community for sharing pop culture. The company collects music, movies, TV shows, games, and novelties.
	['', 'entertainment community', ' ', 'pop culture marketplace', ' ', 'online media content', '']
Loopport
	Provider of an online music sample library. The company provides a library of every genre of computer based music to musicians, producers and DJ\'s.
	['', 'online music', ' ', 'music library', '']
AudioMicro
	Provider of a network of digital content licensing marketplaces. The company sells user-generated digital audio content online. It enables composers, songwriters, musicians, independent bands, sound designers and audio engineers to upload and sell their micro stock music, sound effects, music cues, production music and production elements.
	['', 'digital content', ' ', 'online marketplace', '']
PlusFourSix
	Developer of cloud based music services. The company provides end-to-end services to the users including licensing music from labels and collecting societies, complete streaming and mp3 bundled music platform with multiple storefronts such as desktop browser, mobile browsers and various application.
	['streaming ', 'music service', ' ', 'cloud technology', '']
Melody Management
	Provider of technology services to manage music careers. The company offers a central music management console, including Melody Music Desk and Melody Card, a pay system for distributed music business. Its professional music management tools helps artists to create consistent Web presence and load music, photos, video, and news that keep their fans informed.
	['', 'technology service', ' ', 'music career', ' ', 'central music management', ' ', 'music business', '']
Tapely
	Operator of a music sharing platform. The company creates and shares music mixtapes online. It enables users to upload, store, share and listen music tracks.
	['', 'music sharing', ' mixtapes upload']
PROnoise
	Provider of an online platform for musicians. The company organises music competitions for the music lovers.
	['', 'online musical platform', ' ', 'musical battle', ' ', 'online entertainment', '']
Melodeo
	Provider of mobile podcasting solutions. The company delivers music and other media via mobile phones and Web. It provides wireless customers with music, comedy, news, sports, and entertainment programs, including radio shows.
	['', 'mobile podcasting', ' ', 'mobile media', ' ', 'radio show', ' ', 'delivers music', '']
Beyond Oblivion
	Provider of access to music library where content owners are paid per-play.The company’s first go-to-market product is Boinc. Boinc is a magnetic and social music service that distributes a vast legal music library from a cloud (supplied by majors, independents, and artists the world over), and embeds the right to download and PLAY IT ALL within devices like PCs, tablets, autos and smartphones.
	['', 'music library', ' ', 'content owner', ' ', 'social music service', '']
QOBUZ
	Provider of an online music services platform. The company provides streaming music and offers a growing online catalogue featuring more than ten million tracks, including all the majors and leading independent record labels.
	['', 'music services', ' ', 'music tracks', ' records']
SellaBand
	Developer of an online crowd funding platform for music artists. The company operates an website that allows artists to raise money from their music fans all over the world in order to record a professional album.
	['', 'crowd funding', ' ', 'music platform', ' ', 'music artists', '']
Sellbox
	Provider of an ecommerce platform. The company offers an online platform that enables designers, musicians, writers, developers to sell their videos, music albums, ebooks, games and other digital goods.
	['', 'ecommerce platform', ' ', 'digital product', ' ebook']
Songza Media
	Provider of a curated music streaming platform. The company offers free streaming music platlists curated by DJs, musicians, music critics and musicologists.
	['', 'music search engine', ' ', 'internet radio', ' ', 'music search', ' ', 'music playlist', ' ', 'mood music', '']
Anywhere.FM
	Provider of music player service and engages in uploading of music collection, playing it on the Web music player and discovering music. It holds licenses for the public performances of the music streamed through the Web site.
	['', 'uploading music', ' ', 'music streaming', ' ', 'Web music player', ' ', 'discovering music', '']
Semetric
	Provider of analytics and trend forecasting for the music industry. The company tracks online trends in music and makes the data available to those working in the music industry. The data covers activity on social media, mentions and sentiment on news and blogs, sales and file sharing activity on the BitTorrent network.
	['', 'trend forecasting', ' ', 'online music tracking', ' ', 'data tracking', ' ', 'download tracking', '']
La La Media
	Operator of an online music store.
	['', 'online music', ' ', 'music store', '']
UAB MTV Networks Baltic
	Broadcaster of video music channel in the Baltic States. The company broadcasts the MTV music channels, serving households in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia.
	['broadcaster ', 'television channels', ' MTV']
TuneCore
	Distributor of online digital music, film and video. The company offers music delivery and distribution services to online stores. It also provides mastering, t-shirts, ad placements, billboard musician’s guide, billboard talent and touring directory, posters, stickers, music copyrights, trending reports and professional mixing services.
	['', 'digital music', ' ', 'online video', ' ', 'music delivery', ' ', 'professional mixing', '']
