Advasense Technologies
	Developer of image sensor technologies. The company offers technologies used in improving the image quality of cameras used in mobile applications.
	['', 'CMOS image sensor', ' CMOS ', 'image sensor', '']
Foveon
	Developer of an image sensor technology for digital capture products. The company offers pixel image sensors; and direct image sensors that captures color in three layers. It also serves prosumer, amateur and consumer markets and its core product is Foveon X3 which is a direct image sensor.
	['', 'image sensor technology', ' pixel ', 'digital capture', ' camera']
Picasa
	Provider of image organizer and image viewer or organizing and editing digital photos.
	['', 'image organizer', ' ', 'image viewer', ' ', 'digital photo editing', ' ', 'photo editing', ' ', 'digital photos', ' ', 'multimedia organization', ' ', 'online images', ' multimedia']
Imagelock
	Provider of web-enabled digital image asset monitoring services. The company provides protection and management services and provides customers with instant access to information about the use and misuse of their digital image assets on the internet.
	['', 'monitoring service', ' ', 'security service', ' ', 'digital image security', ' ', 'digital asset protection', '']
Coverity
	Provider of source code analysis tools for identifying software defects in the software development life cycle. The company’s products includes a prevent static analyzer, a static analysis tool that creates a visualization of software, including an architecture map, call graph visualization and a dependency structure matrix.
	['', 'source code', ' ', 'analysis tool', ' ', 'software defect', ' ', 'security vulnerability', ' ', 'software development', '']
BioArray Solutions
	Developer of a technology for rapid biomolecular analysis that combines microparticle chemistry, semiconductor physics and image analysis. The company\'s BeadChip products and systems for molecular immunohematology are used in pre-transfusion characterization of recipients and donors of blood transfusions in hospitals and donor centers.
	['', 'biomolecular analysis', ' ', 'pre-transfusion characterization', ' ', 'blood transfusions', ' ', 'image analysis', ' developer']
Scimagix
	Provider of image informatics solutions for the pharmaceutical and biotech industries. The company offers proprietary and patent-pending technology for mining scientific images through visual information retrieval (VIR). This technology enables scientists to quantitatively extract, store and mine image data for the first time and has applications in all phases of the pharmaceutical new product cycle as well as other areas of the life sciences, medical and material science industries.
	['', 'healthcare services', ' ', 'informatics solutions', ' ', 'visual information', '']
UltraVisual Medical Systems
	Developer of medical image distribution and visualization software. The company offers visualization technologies for use in primary diagnosis, clinical review and image distribution applications in hospitals, imaging centers and private radiology practices with comprehensive image management needs.
	['', 'medical image distribution', ' ', 'medical image', ' ', 'visualization software', '']
OculusAI
	Provider of image validation services. The company develops software for automatic face detection and face recognition in images and video.
	['', 'image verification', ' ', 'image validation', ' ', 'image software', ' ', 'Vertical Market Software', ' image']
Neocleus
	Developer of endpoint visualization technology for enterprise IT departments. The company offers NeoSphere, an extensible client virtualization platform that ties existing PC management systems with advanced visualization technology.
	['', 'visualization technology', ' ', 'client visualization platform', ' ', 'enterprise information', '']
Voxar
	Developer of medical imaging software. The company develops a visualization and display platform for life-critical applications which allow medical experts to view images in clear and in 3 dimensional.
	['', 'medical imaging', ' visualization ', '3 dimensional view', '']
Watermark Software
	Provider of image storage and processing software. The company integrates scanned paper documents and faxes with applications such as e-mail, databases, spreadsheets,and accounting software.
	['', 'multimedia software', '']
Siimpel
	Provider of optical micro systems solutions. The company offers Autofocus that corrects for variations in the distance to the object and variations in the lens with temperature; and Shutter that corrects for image distortion and/or blurring when objects are moving, as well as enables dark image subtraction for picture quality in low light conditions.
	['', 'optical microsystems solution', ' ', 'MEMS sensor', ' ', 'MEMS platform technology', ' ', 'digital imaging', ' ', 'integrated micro-optical system', '']
Flashfoto
	Developer of image workflow automation and other multimedia software. The company specializes in services including image workflow automation, entertainment, advertising, marketing and transmedia experiences.
	['', 'image workflow automation', ' ', 'multimedia software', ' ', 'media application', '']
Tenzen
	Developer of product-distribution technology. The company is a developer of interactive coding equipment (ICE) used to track distribution of products and and packaging.
	['', 'product tracking', ' ', 'interactive coding equipment', ' ICE ', 'distribution technology', '']
