Yantra
	Provider of distributed order management and supply chain fulfillment solutions for retail, distribution, logistics, and manufacturing industries. The company focuses on distributed order management, supply collaboration, inventory synchronization, reverse logistics, logistics management, networked warehouse management, and delivery and service scheduling. It also provides consulting and support services. It offers Yantra 7x products, a comprehensive group of software applications, which enable organizations to manage their fulfillment processes across customers, operations, suppliers, and partners.
	['', 'distributed order management', ' ', 'supply chain fulfillment solution', ' ', 'distributed order management', ' ', 'inventory synchronization', '']
SeeCommerce
	Provider of supply chain performance management and improvement application. The company enables business managers and trading partners to manage and improve business performance across complex supply chains.
	['', 'supply chain management', ' ', 'web centric application', ' ', 'internet centric application', '']
Logi-D
	Provider of supply chain automation services to hospitals and healthcare institutions in North America. The company provides a platform for automation of medical supplies in hospitals and thereby reducing logistics costs.
	['', 'software developer', ' ', 'automation services', ' ', 'medical supplies', ' ', 'healthcare institutions', '']
Factory Logic
	Supplier of software for lean scheduling and supply synchronization. The company provides manufacturing and supply chain management solutions to the automotive, electronics, industrial equipment and aerospace industries.
	['', 'management solutions', ' ', 'lean scheduling', ' ', 'supply synchronization', '']
Speedchain Networks
	Provider of supply chain event management and global e-logistics services. The company through its web-native framework increases cross-enterprise collaboration and information sharing.
	['', 'supply chain', ' ', 'event management', ' e-logistics']
Xterprise
	Developer of radio frequency identification supply chain services. The company also offers RFID item-level inventory management and enterprise-class software applications for the retail market.
	['', 'radio frequency identification', ' ', 'RFID services', ' ', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'enterprise asset management', '']
Mercari Technologies
	Provider of supply-chain management and e-fulfillment software company. The company\'s merchandising solutions bringing retailers and manufacturers closer to their customers by integrating consumer behavior data with merchandise planning, supply chain optimization, category management and financial analysis.
	['', 'business software', ' ', 'supply-chain management', ' e-fulfillment']
Profile Systems
	Developer of product data and supply chain management solutions for business-to-business electronic commerce. The company also offers extensive consulting services, including product data cleanup, supplier enablement/assessment, inventory consulting and overall electronic commerce and supply chain scoping projects.
	['e-business ', 'supply chain management', ' SCM']
CarParts Technologies
	Provider of open, business automation and distribution channels for the automotive aftermarket supply chain. The CPT eCommerce platform enables online trading, integration and collaboration between distribution channels, buyers, suppliers and commerce service providers. The company\'s systems are used by aftermarket outlets including manufacturers, program groups, warehouse distributors, tire and service chains and independent installers in all 50 U.S. states and Canada.
	['', 'business automation', ' ', 'distribution channel', ' ', 'supply chain management', '']
SAF Simulation, Analysis and Forecasting
	Developer of automated ordering software for retailers. The company provides demand-chain management, to enable process optimization along the breadth of the value chain.
	['', 'forecasting software', ' ', 'automated replenishment', ' ', 'trade forecast', ' trade']
Valdero
	Provider of supply chain performance management and analytical collaboration software applications. The company provides inventory visibility and order fulfillment software applications.
	['', 'supply chain performance', ' ', 'order fulfillment software', ' ', 'supply chain analytic', ' ', 'supply chain software', ' ', 'supply chain', '']
Tangerine Technologies
	Provider and developer of software applications for the custom design and procurement of products and services in multiple vertical markets. The company develops connectors that integrate its systems with a customer\'s procurement management to allow supply chain visualization.
	['', 'procurement management', ' ', 'supply chain', ' ', 'custom design', '']
R4 Global Solutions
	Provider of EPC-class RFID technology solutions to clients in the retail, consumer packaged goods, manufacturing and pharmaceutical industries. The company offers evaluation, implementation, integration and support of RFID and RFID-related technologies. It also provides supply chain solutions.
	['', 'radio-frequency identification', ' ', 'electronic code', ' ', 'electronic device', ' ', 'supply chain', '']
Global Beverage Group
	Developer of delivery management technologies. The company offers a supply chain management software for the food and beverage industries.
	['', 'delivery management', ' ', 'supply chain management', '']
Zik Energy Points
	Provider of analysis services for the supply chain. The company provides analysis of energy and resource use in the supply chain, including assessment of consumed  energy, water, fuels and materials. The company provides its services to enterprises seeking to understand their resource efficiency and operational resilience.
	['', 'b2b services', ' ', 'commercial services', '']
Excara
	Operator of a content and commerce services company. The company provides tools and services customized specifically to meet the needs of manufacturers\' sell-side and buy-side internet strategies. The company\'s sell-side solutions allow manufacturers to present and sell their products online, as well as manage their online supply chain.
	['', 'online content', ' ', "manufacturers\\' software", ' ', 'commerce service', '']
