AdBrite (Certain Intellectual Property Assets)
	Provider of advertising services. The company has video, data management and optimization technology, which is integrated into its various products aimed at performance-driven digital marketers.
	['', 'advertisement service', ' ', 'digital data management', ' ', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'data management', ' data']
YuMe
	Provider of digital-video advertising services. The company provides digital advertising, using its proprietary software that is embedded across a wide variety of Internet-connected screens, enabling brands to unify their audiences with a single advertising campaign. The company\'s software also collects data on advertising campaigns, content context and audience, to enable decisions on best branding outcomes.
	['', 'brand advertising technology', ' ', 'digital video technology', ' ', 'advertising campaign', '']
Viddyou
	Provider of custom-built video service that allows users to archive and express their life in short-form videos.
	['', 'video publishing', ' ', 'video sharing', ' ', 'video hosting solution', ' ', 'videoblogging', '']
TargetCast Networks
	Operator of a digital advertising company that provides venue operators to create and post their own and custom designed promotional messages directly on television sets. The company gives every affiliate restaurant the ability to create customized marketing messages for their store and their customers. It promotes featured products and introduces new products.
	['', 'digital advertising', ' advertising ', 'venue operator', ' ', 'customized ad', ' ', 'television ad', ' ', 'customized marketing', ' ', 'marketing message', ' ', 'marketing campaign', ' ', 'product promotion', ' ', 'sales increase', '']
PropelAd
	Provider of digital advertising services. The company makes advertising products on facebook and provides marketing automation and value added services to facebook advertisers.
	['', 'digital advertising', ' ', 'marketing automation', ' ', 'value added service', '']
Cove Financial Group
	Provider of a mortgage-alternative program for residential consumers. The company offers a program for would-be home buyers who have money for a down payment, but do not qualify for a mortgage. The company also provides a digital-marketing platform designed to assess what financial products are needed by would-be home buyers, and utilizes multi-channel advertising delivery with audience analysis to develop a network of partners with services focused on this financial demographic.
	['', 'mortgage finance', ' homebuyer ', 'mortgage service', ' ', 'digital marketing platform', ' ', 'multi-channel advertising', '']
Internet Broadcasting System
	Provider of scalable internet publishing technology. The company is a provider of multiple services and products, including a SaaS-based digital publishing platform, original and syndicated content, and a digital advertising agency that provides full life-cycle advertising and sales operations. The company has had a long-term focus on serving local television companies.
	['', 'digital publishing', '  webtrend ', 'digital agency', ' ', 'syndicated content', '']
Boo-box
	Provider of social media advertising services. The company provides various advertising services and allows the bloggers to monetize their blogs to earn money.
	['', 'media service', ' ', 'advertising system', ' ', 'business servcies', '']
Chromatide
	Provider of custom purification services. The company provides outsourced purification services to the pharmaceutical, biotech, agrochemical and fine chemical industries. It also offers custom peptide synthesis services.
	['', 'custom purification service', ' ', 'purification service', ' ', 'peptide synthesis service', ' ', 'Commercial Service', '']
IdeaCast
	Provider of custom video content and advertising services. The company provides digital out-of-home television advertising services.
	['', 'video content', ' ', 'out-of-home', ' ', 'cable provider', '']
EyeWonder
	Provider of online video and rich media advertising products and services. The company offers advertising formats including video and rich media, in-page to transitional, in-game to in-application, video ads, rich media ads, and custom site ads; and advertising features, such as video features, mobile features and creative features.
	['', 'media advertising product', ' ', 'online video', ' ', 'rich media advertising', '']
LSF Network
	Provider of online performance marketing and advertising services. The company offers strategic planning services, including information capture, research media, competitive analysis, segmentation strategy, ROI calculations, and reach and frequency measuring; and creative services for banners, landing pages, email, community Websites, node pages, interactive videos, online promotions, viral marketing, and promotion capture forms.
	['', 'online performance marketing', ' ', 'strategic planning', ' ', 'segmentation strategy', ' ', 'IT services', '']
LiveRail
	Provider of online video advertising services. The company’s suite enables video campaign management, advertisement unit support, campaign reporting, advertisement optimizing, video sample integration and video distribution and monitoring services. It provides advertisement source optimization, syndication reporting and share accounting services.
	['', 'online video advertising', ' ', 'online advertising service', ' ', 'video campaign management', ' ', 'monitoring service', '']
netvico
	Developer of digital advertising signage. The company engages in the design and implementation of custom visual advertising messaging, using media content, hardware and its proprietary content-management system, »PlayEverywhere«.
	['', 'Digital pillars', ' ', 'Digital Signage', ' Signage ', 'display screen', '']
DirectRevenue
	Provider of search, content, and software for advertisers and marketers. The company provides technology solutions that enable marketers to deliver highly targeted contextual advertisements. DirectRevenue delivers its contextual advertising services through partnerships with online media brokers.
	['', 'advertisers', ' ', 'contextual advertisements', '']
Channel M
	Provider of content and advertising for out-of-home video. The company produces video content that engages and entertains each demographic specific to its retail and lifestyle venues. It designs in-store and online campaigns, on-air promotions, mobile campaigns, and celebrity tie-ins.
	['', 'online campaign', ' ', 'mobile campaign', ' ', 'content provider', ' ', 'advertising provider', '']
