Sepro Telecom International
	Developer and provider of rating and billing software. The company develops rating and billing software for telecommunications and electronic commerce industries.
	['', 'billing software', ' ', 'electronic commerce', ' rating']
CheckFree
	Provider of electronic commerce services. The company provides electronic billing and electronic statement creation, delivery, payment services and also offers electronic commerce, software and investment services.
	['', 'e-billing', ' ', 'e-commerce', '']
Furndex
	Provider of ancillary services. The company provides services to members including credit and payment information, logistic services such as shipping and warehousing. The company also provides an e-commerce model in the steel, plastics and chemical industries.
	['', 'B2B services', ' ', 'software services', '']
Raccoon
	Operator of an online business-to-business marketplace. The company engages in business-to-business transactions and offers various service including accounts receivable warranties and payment settlements in Asia.
	['B2B ', 'online marketplace', ' ', 'B2B transactions', '']
Alpha Mos
	Manufacturer and developer of electronic sensing instruments for analyzing the chemical and sensory properties of products. The company\'s electronic noses measure volatile organic compounds (VOC) and odors, electronic tongues analyze the taste of products, vision analyzers evaluate the color and shape and Gas chromatographs analyze the chemical composition of products and coupled with the odor analysis module, can further qualify odor-related compounds.
	['', 'electronic sensing instrument', ' ', 'electronic nose', ' ', 'electronic equipment', '']
TeleKnowledge Group
	Provider of e-commerce services offering customer care and electronic billing. The company provides content commerce platform for fee based services such as customer service and billing applications.
	['', 'revenue growth', ' billing ', 'electronic billing', '']
Gazelle
	Provider of an online service for selling and recycling unwanted electronics. The company operates as an electronic commerce company and its activity involves buying, owning, selling and disposing consumer electronics, such as cell phones, digital cameras, gaming systems, music players, laptops and gadgets.
	['', 'internet shopping', ' ', 'unwanted electronic', ' ', 'electronic exchange', ' ', 'electronic recycle', ' ', 'electronic selling', ' ', 'consumer electronic', ' ', 'used electronic', ' ', 'electronic shopping', '']
ShopIgniter
	Provider of electronic commerce software services. The company\'s social performance marketing platform enables digital marketing leaders to reach and convert their social mobile consumers.
	['', 'internet retail', ' ', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'software service', '']
Ciashop
	Provider of e-commerce software services. The company provides services for electronic commerce in the form of SaaS (Software as a Service). It offers SaaS virtual store, hosting, infrastructure and payments gateway services.
	['', 'e-commerce software', ' ', 'virtual store', ' ', 'innovative technology', '']
ListK
	Developer of business-to-business (B2B) e-mail and lead-generation technologies. The company provides proprietary software designed to assist data companies and end-users.
	['email ', 'proprietary solutions', '']
ShopLocket
	Provider of electronic commerce platform. The company allows users to create single-item storefronts they can embed on any website.
	['', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'link sharing', ' ', 'video embedding', ' ', 'online sale', ' ', 'ecommerce platform', '']
Securant Technologies
	Developer of software solutions that provide a solid, integrated security infrastructure for electronic commerce. The company\'s software enables companies to easily manage a cohesive security policy required when deploying secure electronic commerce applications on the Web or across an Enterprise.
	['eBusiness ', 'security software', ' ', 'electronic commerce', '']
RoweCom
	Provider of business to business services and eCommerce solutions for purchasing and managing the subscriptions of magazines, newspapers, journals and e- journals. The company offers its clients access to the largest catalog of such knowledge resources on the internet.
	['eCommerce ', 'publishing services', '']
FasTurn
	Provider of business-to-business apparel marketplace. The company delivers technology solution for the apparel industry, providing an electronic marketplace for buyers and sellers to conduct business securely.
	['', 'technology solution', ' ', 'apparel industry', ' ', 'business-to-business', ' ', 'electronic marketplace', '']
Eliance
	Provider of back office e-commerce services to the web businesses. The company provides esurcing (TM) services to web businesses to outsource their e-commerce back-office activities.
	['', 'financial software', ' ', 'e-commerce servces', '']
CoFluent Design
	Provider of electronic system level design tools for modelling and simulating systems. The company offers an integrated electronic system-level modeling and simulation environment that operates as a graphical modeler for capturing the system\'s behavior and execution platform.
	['', 'simulating system', ' ', 'electronic system', ' ', 'graphical modeler', ' simulation']
Bry Technologia
	Provider of digital certification hardware and software services. The company provides services to ensure safety in the use of electronic document.
	['', 'digital certification', ' ', 'software services', ' ', 'electronic services', ' hardware']
The Mrathon Group
	Provider of internet professional services. The company provides services in development, marketing, e-commerce solutions and e-business strategy.
	['e-commerce e-business ', 'internet services', ' ', 'professional services', '  ', 'internet professional services', '']
Wauwaa
	Provider of an online platform for parents to find multimedia content and event-based electronic commerce sales. The company provides a platform which contains a large collection of video interviews with real parents on subjects relating to pregnancy, birth and parenting.
	['', 'multimedia content', ' ', 'electronic commerce sale', ' ', 'content for parent', '']
Neuport
	Developer of online business to-business communities. The company offers vertical communities that provide users with information, interaction, education, and e-commerce services. It offers a portal dedicated for the motion control industry that offers users with access to industry news, chat rooms and links to other industry sites.
	['', 'vertical Internet communities', ' ', 'Internet communities', ' ', 'vertical communities', ' ', 'business to-business communities', ' ', 'online portal', ' ', 'motion control', '']
EC Cubed
	Provider of the application components for the business-to-business electronic commerce marketplace. The company provides the cross-application components platform that allow organizations to build electronic-commerce applications.
	['', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'cross-application', ' ', 'electronic commerce', '']
Wearcast
	Provider of social media company with an e-Commerce business. The company helps music festivals and artists increase revenue by providing them with a way to sell custom apparel online without any risk.
	['', 'internet retail', ' ', 'e-commerce business', '']
AudeSi Technologies
	Developer and marketer of smart card based terminals that facilitate electronic commerce in the home and at unattended point of sale sites. The company\'s business strategy is to specify, design and develop its products for license to large scale manufacturing and marketing organizations.
	['', 'point of sale', ' ', 'electronic commerce', '']
Tradecom Soluções Empresariais de Comércio Electrónico
	Provider of electronic commerce services. The company offers an platform for business-to-business electronic commerce services to enterprises in Portugal.
	['', 'B2b services', ' ', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'business-to-business e-commerce', '']
Bizo
	Provider of online business to business (B2B) marketing services. The company\'s platform provides data management and targeting capabilities to reach audiences anywhere they travel online and engage those that come to their websites, landing pages and social channels.
	['', 'advertising network', ' ', 'bizographic targeting', ' ', 'business traffic measurement', ' ', 'business registration', '']
Transactiv
	Provider of an on demand commerce services for mid market companies. The company provides tools that allow companies to engage and manage both indirect and direct channels and deliver commerce capabilities and analytics across websites, micro-sites, Facebook, eBay, Amazon and any mobile client.
	['', 'online commerce', ' ', 'on-demand commerce', ' ', 'commerce analytics', '']
