Loyalize
	Developer of a media and marketing software. The company provides audience participation services for brands and content providers to engage with audiences in real-time.
	['', 'audience participation', ' ', 'white-label service', ' rewards']
New Media Gateway
	Provider of web-based enterprise marketing services. The company\'s marketing services include search engine marketing, marketing analytics, creative design, email marketing, and serves the agency, franchise, financial, energy, healthcare and insurance industries.
	['', 'marketing software', ' ', 'enterprise marketing', '']
Performable
	Provider of an internet marketing software. The company provides a marketing software platform for converting visitors into customers.
	['', 'online marketing', ' ', 'marketing software', ' ', 'internet marketing software', '']
MobileMax
	Provider of a solution to the calling card industry for serving the lucrative mobile user segment. The company engages in the development, manufacturing and marketing of software and hardware facilitating low-priced international calls by mobile phone.
	['', 'unified communication', ' ', 'fixed mobile convergence', ' ', 'telecommunication service', '']
MeNetwork
	Developer of location-based mobile marketing software for businesses and consumers. The company allows local merchants to deliver targeted content, offers, loyalty programs and promotions directly to consumers mobile devices based on the location-based services.
	['', 'advertisement and promotion', ' ', 'marketing software', ' ', 'targeted marketing', '']
MarketHome
	Provider of e-mail campaign management services. The company provides traditional retailers with direct marketing software to enhance their customer relations.
	['', 'e-mail campaign', ' ', 'e-mail marketing', ' ', 'direct marketing application', '']
Augure
	Developer of influencer marketing software. The company develops public relations and influencer marketing software which assists companies and their agencies to detect their key influencers, build awareness, engage stakeholders and collect real time analytical metrics of their reputational impact.
	['', 'reputation management', ' ', 'real time metric', ' ', 'marketing software', '']
TongCard
	Provider of the marketing services through distribution of reward cards. The company provides the marketing service to the organization by promoting them via distributing reward cards in the consumers.
	['', 'marketing service', ' ', 'product promotion', ' ', 'consumer attraction', '']
1-Page
	Provider of corporate software as a service and consumer Internet proposal platform. The company enables its users to systematically create, solicit, distribute and negotiate one page proposals between individuals and companies from anywhere around world.
	['', 'IT services', ' ', 'corporate software', ' ', 'internet proposal platform', '']
Pictoris Interactive
	Provider of internet marketing services. The company offers interactive agency services with clients including Accor, Groupe Danone and Lotus.
	['', 'internet marketing', ' ', 'Management consulting', ' intranets']
Yield Software
	Provider of an Internet marketing software for advertisers and digital media agencies. The company offers Web marketing solutions that automate, simplify, and optimize the process of marketing on the Internet. It also provides search engine optimization, which is a process of enhancing Web pages; search engine marketing, which evaluates keywords, ads, and bids; pay-per-click campaign management; and landing page optimization solutions.
	['', 'Internet marketing software', ' ', 'Internet marketing application', ' ', 'Web marketing solution', ' ', 'search engine optimization', ' ', 'on-line marketing tool', ' ', 'Internet marketing', ' ', 'web marketing software', '']
Optify
	Developer of business to business marketing software. The company offers software as a service that work with search and social media to drive leads for business marketers. It also provides an integrated workflow to focus keywords, links, pages and content, as well as promotes webinars and blogs to using twitter and social media.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'integrated workflow', ' ', 'marketing software', '']
Offermatica
	Developer of a Website content testing and performance optimization platform.The company develops software to test, measure, and optimize Internet marketing and advertising campaigns. It provides multivariate promotion testing, form and landing page optimization solutions for online advertisements, onsite merchandising, electronic mail campaigns, and pay-per-click listings.
	['', 'Internet marketing', ' ', 'online advertisements', ' ', 'direct mail', ' PPC']
Kefta
	Developer and provider of marketing automation software. The company provides a service and technology platform, campaign management tools, marketing expertise, integration and training to enable its clients to plan, create, deploy and track unique revenue-focused marketing programs.
	['', 'marketing software', ' ', 'technology platform', ' ', 'campaign management tools', '']
Cima Systems
	Provider of marketing communications tools for the automotive industry. The company\'s marketing communication systems enables dealership\'s interaction with customers and prospects. It also enables dealers to fix appointments via web and automated phone and provides ROI analysis on marketing campaigns.
	['', 'marketing system', ' ', 'marketing communication', ' ', 'CRM system', ' ', 'communication system', ' ', 'ROI analysis', '']
NexTone Communications
	Provider of software for internet telephone service. The company develops software for use in communications firms to route, manage and control internet telephone calls.
	['', 'internet software', ' ', 'internet telephone', ' ', 'VOIP', '']
7d Software
	Provider of software services. The company engages in the development and marketing of a personalization software which provides internet-based services for its clients.
	['', 'personalization software', ' internet-based ', 'software services', '']
Netcentives
	Provider of a suite of programs for relationship marketing technologies and services. The company delivers personalized email, rewards and recognition marketing technologies and programs that increase efficiency and productivity.
	['', 'direct marketing service', ' ', 'relationship marketing', ' ', 'marketing technology', '']
