Cherry
	Provider of on demand car wash services to customers. The company\'s service allows its users to park the car anywhere, check in online and get the car washed.
	['', 'car wash', ' ', 'car cleaning', ' ', 'car maintenance', ' ', 'cleaning service', ' ', 'automobile service', ' ', 'auto service', ' ', 'car service', ' ', 'vehicle maintenance', ' ', 'car washing', ' ', 'driving service', '']
Toroleo
	Provider of a price and product comparison platform for the automotive sector. The company allows users to compare prices for products such as vehicle parts, accessories, tires, rims and car insurances from multiple retailers. It also provides comparison services for auto insurance and car-rental services. Its platform also functions as a marketing channel for automotive-related businesses.
	['', 'product comparison', ' ', 'price comparison', ' ', 'vehicle car', ' ', 'rental car', ' ', 'car insurance', '']
Krillion
	Operator of a shopping search engine. The company offers audio and video accessories, such as A/V mounts and brackets, headphones, remote controls, and satellite radio accessories; cameras, such as camcorders, digital cameras, and digital picture frames; car audio and electronics, such as car amplifiers, car audio and video accessories, car CD changers, car speakers and subwoofers, in dash car audio, and radio scanners; and handheld electronics, including GPS navigation systems.
	['', 'online shopping', ' ', 'consumer infrastructure', ' ', 'navigation system', ' ', 'video accessory', '']
Green Car
	Provider of an online platform for car rental services. The company\'s platform provides car sharing services in South Korea.
	['']
HiGear
	Provider of a social car-sharing platform. The company offers a platform that enables people to buy cars that they rent. Members of the company\'s network can share and borrow cars from the people in their community, with the option of making an offer if they like the car they drive. The company provides insurance, verification and logistics to users.
	['', 'car sharing platform', ' ', 'car rental', '']
Autonetzer
	Operator of an online platform for car sharing. The company offers an application platform enabling vehicle owners to rent out their cars when they don\'t need them.
	['', 'rental platform', ' ', 'vehicle owner', ' ', 'car sharing', '']
Novarc
	Creator of novel manufacturing process for car components. The company is the creator of sprayforming, a method of creating dies and tools for the production of car parts as well as other objects. The company has licensed key intellectual properties related to the process and is focused on developing manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and U.K.
	['', 'spray forming', ' ', 'machine tools', ' prototype']
Autoquake
	Provider of an online platform for buying and selling used cars. The company is engaged in the online retail operations of pre-owned and used cars, sports utility vehicles, vans, estate cars, convertibles and sports cars of various manufacturers.
	['', 'used cars', ' ', 'online retail', ' ', 'buying and selling', '']
Auto.nl
	Provider of a subscription car service in the Netherlands. The company provides a car service that requires users to pay a subscription fee only for the gas and use of the vehicle, while the company handles all warranty, maintenance and replacement-transport costs and services.
	['', 'car rental', ' ', 'car leasing', ' ', 'car lease', '']
NPC Springs
	Manufacturer of high-strength industrial springs. The company manufacturers high-strength springs for railroads, cars and agricultural equipment.
	['', 'springs', ' ', 'high-strength', ' ', 'railroad springs', ' ', 'car springs', '']
Carsala
	Provider of online research and negotiating services for used cars. The company uses Web technology, in conjunction with its own professional negotiators, to enable users to research and purchase used cars.
	['', 'online business', ' ', 'car buying service', ' ', 'carfax report', '']
Kine Robot Solutions
	Designer and developer of robot systems for industrial use. The company offers robotic products for the food, metal, building, car and glass industries.
	['', 'robot systems', ' ', 'grippers', ' ', 'material handling systems', '']
Netrepreneur Connections Enterprises
	Provider of online platform for buying and selling of used and new cars in the Philippines. The company provides online marketing platform for the Philippine automotive industry, it connect car buyers with private car sellers, used car trade dealerships and new car distributors.
	['', 'car seller buyer', ' ', 'new car', ' ', 'online car market', ' ', 'car purchase', ' ', 'car marketing', '']
AutoRef
	Provider of a car shopping website for buying used car. The company develops an online platform that has auto dealers bidding for users based on a user\'s search criteria.
	['', 'used car', ' ', 'used vehicle', ' ', 'online vehicle dealership', '']
Flexcar
	Operator of car-sharing programs for its members in the U.S. The company operates a fleet of ultra low emission vehicles, gas-electric hybrids and environmentally-friendly sedans, AWD, minivans, and sports cars. It serves individuals, companies, and public agencies.
	['', 'car sharing', ' ', 'auto sharing', ' ', 'car reservation', '']
QuattroWorld.com
	Operator of a car review website. The company provides readers with news, media and discussions on both past and present Audi cars.
	['Audi ', 'car enthusiast', ' ', "readers\\' review", '']
Fleet Innovation
	Provider of car fleet management services. The company engages in car outsourcing services and also monitors services such as leasing, insurance and debit cards.
	['', 'car fleet management', ' ', 'car outsourcing', ' ', 'car services', ' car']
Williams of Harrogate
	Provider of online car brokering service through an online platform. The company engages in dealership of various used and new cars of various brands. It offers Drivestyle Connections, a platform for both private and trade buyers and sellers of luxury cars.
	['', 'sports car', ' ', 'motor vehicles', ' ', 'luxury car', '']
