Insider Pages
	Operator of online directory and reviews site in the United States. The company enables people to search local businesses in various categories, including dentists, doctors, hairstylists, plumbers, realtors, and restaurants. It also provides pay-per-call advertising model for merchants and small businesses.
	['', 'online search', ' ', 'local search', ' ', 'online directory', '']
Zars Pharma
	Developer of topically administered drugs. The company\'s products include Pliaglis, a topical local anesthetic cream that provides local dermal anesthesia on intact skin prior to painful cosmetic procedures, such as dermatologic laser surgery and dermal filler injections; Synera, a topical patch designed to provide local dermal anesthesia for potentially painful superficial procedures, such as venous access procedures involving needles and immunization injections of children; and Flexicaine, which is designed to provide rapid dermal analgesia to affected skin for the treatment of post-herpetic neuralgia.
	['', 'pharmaceutical drug', ' ', 'pain management', ' ', 'anesthetic cream', ' ', 'dermal anesthesia', '  immunization ', 'post-herpetic neuralgia', ' psoriasis ', 'hand dermatitis', ' risperidone']
Sharingforce
	Provider of web application. The company promotes Digital Word Of Mouth and helps to convert web traffic into quality leads.
	['', 'web application', ' ', 'online application', ' ', 'robust analytic', '']
MiNeeds
	Provider of an online marketplace for local services. The company provides a website enabling users to post service requests and receive bids from local professional service providers, such as photographers, contractors or dentists.
	['', 'productivity software', ' ', 'local professionals', ' ', 'data strategy', '']
UpNext
	Provider of mobile 3D map applications. The company\'s applications enable users to explore and discover cities, as well as glide around their cities virtually.
	['', '3D map application', ' ', 'mobile 3D map', ' ', '3D navigation', ' ', 'map app', ' ', '3D map', ' ', '3D service', ' ', 'map service', ' mapping']
AskMe
	Provider of online business dictionary. The company provides online local search service that allows people to find relevant providers of products and services in their locality, area or city.
	['', 'online search', '']
Big Sky Bread
	Provider of breads and baked goods. The company is a local bakery that sells whole-grain bread, granola and cookies.
	['granola bread ', 'organic wheat', ' ', 'micro bakery', '']
SideTour
	Provider of an online marketplace to book and host local activities. The company provides a curated list of activities, tours and other memorable things to do from pre-screened hosts, which is then marketed to to out-of-town visitors or local consumers wanting to know their city better. The company\'s service is available in select cities in the U.S.
	['', 'community marketplace', ' ', 'online booking service', ' ', 'hotel booking', ' ', 'peer-to-peer marketplace', ' ', 'curated activities', ' ', 'social marketplace', '']
Loku
	Operator of a local search site. The company promotes local discovery and allows its users to discover events, restaurants, news, deals and businesses, and local experts in various cities.
	['', 'local results', ' ', 'local search', ' ', 'discover events', '']
Offerum
	Operator of a collective buying group that features events and local leisure activities with significant discounts. The company offers attractive deals on recreational activities to its users.
	['', 'internet retail', ' ', 'collective buying power', ' ', 'affordable discount', ' ', 'purchasing power', '']
Locationary
	Provider of a global clearinghouse for local data in mobile, web search, profile publisher, managers and navigation applications. The company provides it\'s services for local business data fragmentation, accuracy and universal broadcast update challenges.
	['', 'global clearinghouse', ' ', 'data fragmentation', ' ', 'statistics analysis', ' ', 'business data', '']
Where
	Provider of local search and recommendation services on mobile phones and Web applications. The company offers WHERE, a mobile application for searching and locating places, events, and special offers; Where.com, a Web portal that offers local search and recommendation services; Traffic.com, a mobile traffic application that provides traffic related data in the United States with coverage in various metropolitan areas; and WHERE Ads, a hyper-local advertising network.
	['', 'location service', ' ', 'local search', ' ', 'hotel search', ' ', 'mobile traffic', ' ', 'local advertising', ' ', 'mobile advertising', '']
SpotLikes
	Provider of a local business review platform. The company provides a social-local platform for listing, referring and discovering trusted local businesses.
	['', 'business review', ' ', 'business listing', ' ', 'information service', '']
CoFoundersLab
	Provider of an online Co-Founder matching site. The company helps entrepreneurs launch new businesses.
	['', 'co-founder search', ' ', 'entrepreneur search', ' ', 'online entrepreneur hunt', ' ', 'social content', '']
CitySquares Online
	Provider of a hyper-local search engine. The company helps the local, neighborhood small businesses get found online.
	['', 'local search engine', ' ', 'local business information', ' ', 'hyper local engine', '']
