Umbria
	Provider of internet related research and marketing advice. The company collects the unsolicited opinions and perceptions of the online community like blogs, message boards, chats and turns it into actionable market research about companies, products, people and topics of interest.
	['', 'market research', ' ', 'marketing data', ' ', 'internet research', '']
Polimetrix
	Developer of databases, infrastructure and analytics for politics and survey research. The company provides information product that collects responses and calculates BIX net metrics based on the responses. It also provides consulting, online survey and online qualitative services.
	['', 'survey research', ' ', 'politics research', ' ', 'online qualitative service', ' ', 'online polling', '']
Zapera.com
	Provider of market research services. The company offers online market research services in the Nordic countries.
	['', 'online market research', ' ', 'market research', ' ', 'market analysis', '']
MacroMill
	Provider of online application tool for market research. The company has an automatic online research system, which collects consumer response data on products and services provided by a variety of companies.
	['', 'market research', ' ', 'consumer response', ' ', 'online research', '']
Digby
	Developer of mobile platform that comprises of analytics, outreach, venue and storefront for the retail sector. The company provides a graphical interface from which its users can browse various products from name-brand retailers, some of which are stored locally and others that can be found through a product search feature.
	['', 'mobile commerce solution', ' ', 'mobile engagement solution', ' ', 'Mobile Commerce Software Platform', ' ', 'market analysis', ' ', 'market research', '']
Knowledge Networks
	Provider of online research services for consumer products and services, pharmaceuticals, retail, media and public policy. The company offers the research process to their clients throughout to retail, healthcare, government, academic research, media, yellow pages research and financial services industries.
	['', 'promotion research', ' ', 'online research', ' ', 'consumer insights', ' ', 'media research', ' ', 'study designs', ' ', 'analytics', ' ', 'research', ' ', 'market research', '']
BiddingAce
	Operator of an online marketplace for buying and selling general aviation aircraft. The company provides aircraft owners and pilots a resource on the Internet for conducting actual transactions and for encouraging market-based pricing for aircraft sales.
	['', 'aviation service', ' ', 'software tech', ' ', 'online market', '']
Napkin Labs
	Provider of online market research platform. The company provides crowdsourcing platform to get market research, insights and ideas from their social networks.
	['', 'market research', ' ', 'crowd sourcing', ' ', 'online lab', ' ', 'analytic dashboard', '']
Track.com
	Provider of a platform for investment research and market ideas. The company provides a platform for research analysts, market participants and investment managers to share ideas with institutions, high net worth individuals and other market participants.
	['', 'financial research', ' ', 'investment research', ' ', 'financial information sharing', '']
Crowd Muscle
	Provider of collaborative approach to market research and customer intelligence. The company uses a collection of rich analytic capabilities and provides a multi-dimensional understanding of a customer base, therefore helping the clients to take tactical and strategic decisions. The company also provides hard metrics that enable improvements in customer engagement and customer service.
	['', 'customer base', ' ', 'market research', ' ', 'crowd integration', '']
Bicicletas Monark
	Manufacturer of bicycles for the domestic market. The company manufactures parts for motorcycles and bicycles.
	['', 'bicycle manufacture', ' ', 'motorcycle part', ' ', 'domestic market', '']
Dispatching
	Operator of a promotional logistics company. The company also offers its clients various field support with services like storage, handling and distribution. It also offers promotional services including brand development, sales promotion and market research.
	['warehouse ', 'promotional logistics', ' ', 'brand development', '']
NetRatings
	Provider of internet media and market research solutions. The company\'s products and services are designed to assist companies in making business decisions regarding their internet strategies and initiatives.
	['', 'market research', ' ', 'internet media', ' ', 'business decision', '']
RWHD
	Provider of research services. The company engages in the research and development of pharmaceutical products.
	['', 'research services', ' ', 'research and development', ' ', 'pharmaceutical products', '']
Northern Light Technology
	Provider of an online research engine platform. The company engages in providing strategic research portals, market research tools, business research content and search technologies for the energy, financial services, transportation, retail and telecommunication sectors.
	['', 'research portal', ' ', 'content aggregation', ' ', 'search engine', '']
Mochila
	Operator of an online market place for syndicated content from various content providers. The company’s marketplace contains articles, photos, and videos covering hard news and feature stories on various topics, such as health, business, entertainment, fashion, sports, science, and technology. Its online platform helps publishers to build business, content owners to find new value for their content, and advertisers to reach target audience.
	['', 'online market place', ' ', 'online platform', ' ', 'publisher platform', '']
