Foodik.ru
	Provider of an online food ordering service in Russia. The company provides convenience to customers and new degree of automation to restaurants.
	['restaurants ', 'food joints', ' automation']
Five Guys Restaurants (8 sites )
	Portfolio of 8 restaurants. The restaurants are located across central California including Elk Grove, Fresno, Lodi, Natomas, Roseville, Stockton, Tracy and West Sacramento.
	['burger ', 'junk food', ' ', 'restaurant service', '']
Sqipp
	Developer of a location based mobile ordering application from restaurants. The company enables restaurants to integrate a mobile ordering platform that makes orders and restaurant operations while allowing users to order and pay at participating restaurants using a smartphone.
	['', 'ordering application', ' ', 'participating restaurant', ' ', 'mobile ordering platform', '']
Storific
	Developer of a mobile application to find and order food from restaurants. The company is a provider of a mobile application that allows users to find, order, and pay for food before pick-up or dine-in.
	['', 'food app', ' ', 'order app', ' ', 'iphone app', ' ', 'restaurant menu', ' ', 'restaurant pick-up', ' ', 'restaurant search', '']
HealthyOut
	Provider of an online nutrition and restaurant guide. The company develops a mobile application which aggregates food items from online ordering sites and provides consumers with an interface to enter dietary requirements, find appropriate dishes and purchase them.
	['', 'restaurant guide', ' ', 'online services', ' ', 'online nutrition', '']
Wine Preserva
	Developer of device to preserve the quality of wine. The company offers Wine Shield, an in-bottle floating lid that is a barrier to oxidation. The product is designed for consumers who open bottles but don\'t consume the contents immediately, and for restaurants and bars that sell bottled wine by the glass.
	['preservation wine']
9Cookies
	Developer of an internet based system for restaurants and delivery services. The company provides a tablet based platform with tools for taking orders, accepting card payments, scheduling employees, printing receipts and creating custom notes for the kitchen.
	['', 'restaurant service', ' ', 'delivery service', ' ', 'tablet based platform', '']
Kabukiman
	Provider of online information about restaurants. The company allows users to search for names, places, type of cuisine and look for a suitable restaurant in Germany.
	['', 'restaurant information', ' ', 'search function', ' ', 'online search', '']
Skipola
	Developer of white-labeled application for restaurants. The company develops application that has contact information, menus and includes ways to order food through the application.
	['', 'white-labeled apps', ' ', 'restaurant information', ' ', 'food ordering', '']
Just Eat
	Provider of an online food-ordering platform. The company operates a global online and mobile marketplace for restaurant take-out food. It also provides services in 13 countries around the world, with more than 40,000 takeaway restaurants in its network.
	['', 'online order', ' ', 'order processing', ' foodservice ', 'takeaway ordering', ' ', 'food delivery', '']
Yemeksepeti.com
	Provider of an online food ordering and delivery portal in Turkey. The company provides a platform enabling users to order food from their favorite restaurant through the Internet and have it delivered. The company\'s platform provides an aggregated list of the restaurants from which users can choose to place an order.
	['', 'online food ordering', ' ', 'food delivery portal', ' ', 'online food delivery', ' ', 'food delivery', '']
Jgzam
	Provider of an online food delivery platform. The company allows its users to discover new restaurants in their city, order food and even see what their friends are ordering from different restaurants. The website also allows restaurants to to accept orders from customers.
	['', 'food delivery', ' ', 'food order', ' ', 'online food ordering', ' ', 'food delivery platform', ' ', 'online delivery', ' ', 'online ordering', '']
PrimaTable
	Provider of a platform to help restaurants to manage their scarce table resources. The company develops last-minute perishable inventory demand forecasting and pricing tools for the restaurant industry.
	['', 'resource management', ' ', 'inventory demand forecasting', ' ', 'perishable inventory', ' ', 'pricing tool', ' ', 'restaurant pricing tool', '']
Cibando
	Provider of a restaurant marketing website and mobile application. The company caters to restaurants and other dining enterprises. Through the use of technology the company helps to create a way for consumers and food venues to interact.
	['', 'restaurant marketing', ' ', 'restaurant reservation', ' ', 'fine dining', ' ', 'restaurant search service', '']
Butter Systems
	Provider of digital menu for restaurants. The company is the creator of a mobile application enabling customers to place their orders at the table from a tablet.
	['', 'digital menu system', ' ', 'online service', ' ', 'restaurant menu', '']
