SynCoal Partners
	Provider of coal upgrading technology that mainly increase heat value of coal and reduce major pollutants such as mercury, SOx, NOx and CO. The company also takes step in mitigating critical issues of fugitive dust, moisture reabsorbtion, spontaneous combustion.
	['', 'upgrading system', ' ', 'coal upgrading', ' coal ', 'coal conversion', '']
SNTech
	Manufacturer of electric motors. The companies electric motors are used in ventilation, refrigeration, aftermarket applications, heating and cooling applications, such as furnaces, air handlers, heat pumps and air conditioners.
	['', 'electric motor', ' ', 'cooling application', ' ', 'electric motor manufacturer', '']
Savonia Power
	Operator of power plants for combined heat and electricity production. The company specializes in power generation module for combined heat and power production in power plants. It also provides power plant maintenance and service.
	['', 'power plant', ' ', 'power generation', ' ', 'heat production', ' ', 'power generation module', '']
DeerTech
	Provider of three circles of protection to protect plants from deer to homeowners. The company provides its services in New York, Southern Connecticut, New Jersey, Eastern Pennsylvania, and Delaware. It offers sound, sprays, and switching things for protecting plants from deer.
	['', 'deer deterrent', ' ', 'organic fertilization', ' ', 'lawn care', ' ', 'woodlot management', '']
Jurong Aromatics
	Operator of integrated aromatics plants. The company operates aromatic chemical production plant and produces transportation fuels in Singapore.
	['aromatics ', 'transportation fuels', ' ', 'petrochemical plant', '']
NDM-Kintx Co
	Manufacturer of heat exchangers and heat management systems. The company specializes in designing key heat transfer components for the aerospace, marine and military industries.
	['', 'Heat exchangers', ' ', 'heat management system', ' ', 'heat transfer components', '']
Reactive NanoTechnologies
	Developer of products to control the instantaneous release of heat energy for advanced joining applications. The company also provides process for bonding components to bond sputter targets and in electronics assembly applications.
	['', 'control heat', ' ', 'electronics assembly', ' ', 'bonding component', ' ', 'bond sputter target', ' ', 'commercial products', '']
Plant Genetic Systems
	Developer of genetically engineered plants. The company is a biotech company lacated in Ghent, Belgium. The was the first (in 1985) to develop genetically engineered (tobacco) plants with insect tolerance by expressing genes encoding for insecticidal proteins from Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt).
	['', 'genetic engineering', ' ', 'plants', ' ', 'insecticidal protein', '']
Columbia Pacific Aluminum
	Provider of aluminum-casting services. The company operates an aluminum-extrusion operation, with plants in  Modesto, Watsonville and City of Industry in the U.S. state of California.
	['', 'metal casting', ' ', 'aluminum extrusion', ' ', 'aluminum casting', '']
LaTherm
	Producer of the mobile heat storage containers. The company turns waste heat into useful heat. A total of 2.5 MWh of unused heat generated by chemical plants, steelworks, aluminum smelters, waste incineration plants, biogas plants, or landfill gas plants can be stored in the sodium acetate within our containers. From the sources, heat is transported where and when it is needed; off-grid and on the road.
	['', 'waste heat', ' ', 'useful heat', ' ', 'heat storage', '']
ALUmonte Technologiefortschritt in Aluminium
	Operator of aluminum melting plants. The company processes its alloys and aluminum scrap through an oxidation and salt-free melting process that removes miscellaneous impurities.
	['', 'oxidation-free remelting', ' ', 'miscellaneous impurity', ' ', 'aluminum-melting plant', ' ', 'clean aluminum', ' metallurgy']
