Connectiva Systems
	Developer of revenue management software products. The company provides revenue and risk management software that allows telecom operators to get more performance and productivity from their existing infrastructure.
	['', 'credit risk', ' ', 'fraud management', ' ', 'revenue assurance', '']
Open Data Registry
	Provider of supply chain intelligence. The company\'s services help consumer brands to implement innovative financial risk management and sourcing strategies to produce more environmentally sustainable consumer goods.
	['', 'supply chain', ' ', 'financial risk management', ' ', 'sourcing strategy', '']
Paisley
	Provider of solutions for governance, risk and compliance (GRC). The company is the software vendor which provides solutions for financial controls management, internal audit, operational risk management, compliance, IT governance, and enterprise risk management.
	['audit ERM compliance ', 'IT governance', '']
Brabeion Software
	Provider of IT governance, risk, and compliance management software. The company offers Polaris Knowledgebase, a comprehensive knowledgebase of IT governance, risk, and compliance content.
	['', 'IT governance', ' ', 'compliance management', ' ', 'compliance content', '']
Neohapsis
	Provider of mobile and cloud security services. The company provides governance, risk and compliance products and services to address the risk management, regulatory and information protection needs of global enterprises and government agencies.
	['', 'compliance software', ' ', 'governance software', ' ', 'mobile security', '']
Derivix
	Provider of financial services software for the electronic marketplace. The company develops institutional-strength options pricing, risk management and analytics solutions for hedge funds, investment banks and other financial institutions.
	['', 'option pricing', ' ', 'hedge fund', ' ', 'investment bank', ' ', 'risk management', ' ', 'electronic marketplace', '']
CATS Software
	Developer of specialist risk management software for financial institutions. The firm is a supplier of client/server software products for financial risk management. The products of the company are C-ATALYST and CARMA. C-ATALYST is integrated application of software products and tools used for financial risk management and CARMA is an application used for market and credit risk management.
	['', 'financial software', '']
TruSecure
	Provider of Internet security software. The company provides intelligent risk management and compliance products and services to improve security and reduce risk.
	['']
NetEconomy
	Provider of enterprise risk management and anti-money laundering technologies. The company provides real-time technology products for enterprise risk monitoring, automating financial crime prevention and detection for financial institutions and telecom businesses worldwide.
	['', 'risk monitoring', ' ', 'fraud solutions', ' ', 'anti-money laundering', ' ', 'enterprise risk monitoring', '']
Archer Technologies
	Provider of enterprise governance, risk, and compliance management software. The company provides policy management, threat management, asset management solutions and gain visibility into corporate risk and security controls.
	['', 'enterprise governance', ' ', 'compliance management software', ' ', 'software technology', '']
Systems Research and Developement
	Developer of a new approach to identity and risk management. SRD’s identity recognition and relationship awareness solutions provided critical information infrastructure to support both government organizations and private companies in effectively managing operational risk and security risk while protecting personal privacy.
	['']
Polivec
	Provider of an integrated, corporate-wide, software suite for Governance, Risk Management and Compliance (GRC) solutions. The company enables corporations to manage risk, reduce cost, minimize complexity and protect their current investments.
	['', 'risk management', ' ', 'corporate governance', ' ', 'compliance software', ' ', 'policy enforcement', '']
Vericept
	Provider of enterprise risk management solutions. The company develops fraud and identity theft solution designed to help companies safeguard valued customer data, including social security numbers, credit card information and other personal information, from internal and external threats.
	['', 'data loss prevention', ' DLP ', 'enterprise risk management', ' ', 'data security', ' ', 'fraud solution', ' theft fraud']
Digital Harbor
	Provider of risk management and compliance services for the financial services, industry and public sector clients. The company develops and markets PiiE, a platform for composite applications, which provides information integration and information management system for enterprises. The company\'s products include Smart Client and Fusion Server. The company also offers services for anti-money laundering, fraud, knowing customer, enterprise case management and risk management to the financial services industry. The company also provides services for insider threat, command and control, incident management, mission management, analyst workbench, logistics, and network centric operations to the federal government, intelligence community, homeland security and public work organizations.
	['', 'risk management', '  ', 'composite applications', ' ', 'inter-networked', ' ', 'intelligence services', ' ', 'business ontology', '']
Watchfire
	Provides online risk management, security and compliance testing software.
	['', 'risk management', ' ', 'security testing', ' ', 'compliance testing', ' ', 'online risk', ' ', 'online security', '']
