XtremIO
	Developer of solid-state drive data storage systems. The company develops platform that will help shared storage environments with performance improvements, utilization of IT resources and a low capital investment. XtremIO’s solutions are designed to deliver performance in Enterprise storage environments, while addressing existing storage device limitations and data network connectivity challenges.
	['', 'solid state drive', ' ', 'data storage system', ' ', 'enterprise storage', ' ', 'data network', ' ', 'enterprise solutions', ' ', 'data storage', '']
EqualLogic
	Provider of data storage solutions. The company’s products include PS Series Architecture for consolidated networked storage in a self-managing iSCSI storage area network; enterprise data services for storage virtualization, server management and protection integration, and data protection and recovery; PS6000 and PS4000 Series iSCSI storage area network arrays for data storage consolidation; and PS storage stack that enables users to configure storage pools or tiers to optimize performance and capacity according to application-specific demands.
	['', 'data storage', ' database virtualization recovery']
Viathan
	Developer of technology that helps companies manage data. The company\'s storage virtualization software provides data management platforms for use by companies and e-commerce vendors alike.
	['', 'internet application', ' ', 'data storage', ' ', 'database management', '']
Zettapoint
	Provider of database optimization software solutions. The company classifies structured data based on actual usage and importance to the organization.It also provides with data storage platforms, as well as optimize business intelligence processes.
	['', 'database optimization', ' ', 'software solution', ' ', 'data storage platform', ' ', 'business intelligence process', '']
Align Technology
	Manufacturer of invisalign system for treating malocclusion or the misalignment of teeth. The company’s products include Invisalign Full for the treatment of a range of malocclusions. It corrects malocclusion using a series of clear, nearly invisible, removable appliances that gently move teeth to a desired final position.
	['', 'invisalign system', ' malocclusion ', 'misalignment of teeth', '']
FTAPI Software
	Provider of software for the secure transmission and storage of data. The company\'s data space allows location-independent and share access to files and replace FTP server through a data exchange option.
	['', 'data transmission', ' ', 'data storage', ' ', 'file sharing', ' ', 'data exchange', '']
Connected Data
	Developer of social storage appliances. The company provides products enabling consumers, professionals and small businesses to securely group, share and protect data.
	['', 'social storage appliance', ' ', 'data protection', ' ', 'data sharing', '']
Silicon Graphics
	Developer of servers and data storage systems. The company develops, markets and sells a broad line of servers and data storage systems, as well as differentiating software.
	['', 'Data Analytic', ' ', 'Data Center Technology', ' ', 'HPC Software', '']
Link_A_Media Devices
	Manufacturer of custom system-on-chip (SoC) solutions for peripheral data storage devices. The company’s SoC solutions integrate the read/write channel, disk controller functions, microprocessor and memories and servo processing for HDD application on a single chip.
	['', 'data recovery', ' ', 'system on chip', ' ', 'data storage device', '']
4Blox
	Provider of a family of software components used to expand CPU processing capacity in internet small computer systems interface (iSCSI) storage area networks. The company offers 4Mezzo suite, a product line of software accelerators to reduce host CPU processing overhead associated with iSCSI in standalone and virtual machines; 4Mezzo Plus Target, an iSCSI target add-on for commodity operating systems, which incorporates 4Blox acceleration techniques; and 4Mezzo Plus Initiator, an iSCSI initiator add-on for commodity operating systems, which incorporates 4Blox acceleration techniques for small to medium sized businesses. It’s software is also available for standalone OSes or iSCSI storage area network solutions from original equipment manufacturers, value added resellers, value added distributors, and independent software vendors.
	['', 'software accelerator', ' ', 'server visualization', ' ', 'system integrator', ' ', 'commodity operating system', '']
