Discovery Partners International
	Provider of technologies and services to pharmaceutical and biotech companies. The company\'s services assist worldwide pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in the design, development and production of assays of disease molecules to accelerate their drug discovery activities.
	['', 'drug discovery', ' ', 'pharmaceutical healthcare', ' ', 'disease molecule', ' ', 'drug discovery', '']
Trega Biosciences
	Developer of products designed to assist pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in the identification of drug candidates. The company conducts an internal drug discovery program in the areas of obesity, diabetes and syndrome X, a syndrome associated with obesity and diabetes, involving the human body\'s resistance to insulin.
	['', 'drug discovery', ' ', 'drug discovery program', ' ', 'obesity treatment', ' ', 'diabetes treatment', '']
Aratana Therapeutics
	Developer of biopharmaceutical technology for animals. The company develops proprietary, patent-protected compounds acquired from human pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and then develops strategies to maximize the value of the programs for the animal health market.
	['', 'animal health', ' ', 'animal care', ' ', 'pet care', ' ', 'animal medicine', '']
C4X Discovery Holdings
	Developer of pharmaceutical services and drug discovery. The company used a NMR-based technique to determined 3D molecular structures with high accuracy. It is focused on the design and development of medicines and partnering with the pharmaceutical sector to generate better, safer products.
	['', 'design and development', ' ', 'pharmaceutical sector', ' ', 'pharmaceutical drug discovery', '']
Mosaïc Systems
	Provider of technology for the development and production of biologics. The company offers products for the production of therapeutics and drugs, food ingredients and agri-based products. It enables isolation and purification of valuable materials, such as antibodies, proteins and enzymes from complex process streams marked for the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and food industries.
	['biologics ', 'biologics separation', ' ', 'biologics purification', '']
Anvil
	Provider of data mining, analysis, and visualization services to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. The company has developed a software internally which allows the exploration of large and complex datasets that help the clients in their decision-making process.
	['', 'data exploration', ' ', 'data mining', ' ', 'data visualization', '']
IBAH
	Provider of complete range of development services to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries. The company\'s services are designed to help clients accelerate products from discovery through development more efficiently and cost- effectively.
	['', 'development services', ' ', 'medical device', '']
Blue Heron Biotechnology
	Provider of a range of synthetic DNA sequences and related services to researchers in pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. The company offers gene synthesis, codon and expression optimization, cloning options, and variant clone sets.
	['', 'synthetic DNA sequence', ' ', 'gene synthesis', ' ', 'cloning option', '']
Nogatech
	Developer of a codec chipset technology. The company is a global chipset development company that enables consumer electronic companies to design and integrate their video products to desktop and handheld computers.
	['', 'chipset technology', ' ', 'consumer electronic', ' ', 'video product', '']
neXyte
	Operator of a research oriented biotech start-up company. The company develops native-like human proteins in a novel patented protein production system for pharmaceutical and biotech markets.
	['', 'human proteins', ' ', 'protein production', ' ', 'native-like human proteins', '']
Activiomics
	Developer of biomarker technology. The company has developed a suite of label-free mass spectrometry technologies enabling it to identify and quantify, directly from clinical samples, proteins and phosphoproteins that correlate with the progression of disease and/or the administration of drugs. The company is applying its technologies to the establishment of a pipeline of biomarker assets comprising the identified proteins and phosphoproteins along with their companion diagnostic antibody reagents. The company also partners with the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry to provide drug profiling and drug mode of action information.
	['', 'drug biomarkers', ' ', 'proprietory technology', ' oncology']
