Chromos Molecular Systems
	Developer of artificial chromosome technology for use in biopharmaceutical production. The company focuses on the development of proprietary artiﬁcial chromosome expression system technology that is used to engineer production quality cell lines to manufacture biopharmaceutical products, including monoclonal antibodies and the development of human therapeutic products.
	['', 'artificial chromosome technology', ' cell ', 'biopharmaceutical products', '']
United Orthopedic Group
	Manufacturer of non invasive orthopedic rehabilitation products. The company also offers complimentary services designed for clinical effectiveness and patient satisfaction.
	['', 'orthopedic product', '  ', 'rehabilitation product', '  ', 'clinical service', '']
Corventis
	Developer of medical technologies for curing cardiovascular diseases. The company\'s core product is a non-invasive monitor designed for measing different aspects of the heart’s function.
	['', 'medical technology', ' cardiovascular healthcare']
StrataGent Life Sciences
	Developer of painless and non-invasive versions of therapies. The company offers large and small therapeutic molecules without a device penetrating into or through the skin.
	['', 'drug therapy', ' ', 'painless therapy', ' ', 'non-evasive therapy', ' ', 'drug delivery', '']
NanoVasc
	Operator of a medical device company. The company designs and manufactures bio mimetic materials that are non-thrombogenic, durable and demonstrate long-term patency. The company uses an electrospinning process to manufacture scaffolds in a multitude of shapes and sizes, and then application-specific modifications are applied to the scaffolds surface in order to achieve desired results. These specific modifications are designed to optimize the devices outcome based on its delivery location. The company\'s first product is a synthetic vascular graft for hemodialysis access.
	['', 'biomimetic material', ' ', 'electrospinning process', ' scaffold ', 'synthetic vascular graft', ' ', 'hemodialysis access', '']
Academic Services Ambulance Partnership
	Operator of a medical transportation company in Belgium. The company provides non-emergency ambulance services.
	['', 'medical transportation', ' ', 'ambulance services', ' ambulance']
Molecular Biometrics
	Developer of non-invasive clinical tools to evaluate normal biologic function. The company offers medicines and drugs which focuses on reproductive health, neurodegenerative diseases, maternal fetal medicine, pulmonary metabolism and edema, and lactate metabolism.
	['', 'non-invasive clinical tools', 'pharmacodiagnostics', '\\tDiagnostic Equipment', '']
Macronix International
	Manufacturer of integrated device in the Non-Volatile Memory (NVM) market. The company provides a full range of NOR Flash, NAND Flash and ROM products with its R&D and manufacturing capability.
	['']
AiMedics
	Operator of a medical device company. The company develops HypoMon system, a non-invasive alarm system that identifies sleep-time hypoglycaemia in children and young adults.
	['HypoMon ', 'non-invasive', ' hypoglycaemia']
Biometrix
	Operator of a medical device company. The company provides medical devices for intensive care, surgery and interventional cardiology.
	['', 'critical care products', ' ', 'thoracic catheters', ' ', 'urology products', ' ', 'ophthalmic surgery drapes', ' cardiology']
Exogen ( Ultrasound Bone Healing System )
	Developer of medical devices for the non-invasive treatment of bone injury and disease. The company focuses on the biophysical modulation and treatment of musculoskeletal injuries and disease.
	['', 'medical devices', ' ', 'non invasive treatment', ' ', 'bone injury', ' ', 'biophysical modulation', ' ', 'musculoskeletal injuries', '']
Encapsule Medical
	Operator of a medical device company. The company focuses on the development of disposable, non-invasive, breast biopsy devices. Its products include Flash, Halo and Phantom.
	['', 'breast cancer', ' biopsy ', 'breast biopsy', '']
POP Medical Solutions
	Operator of a medical device company. The company engages in providing a device which is used in pelvic organ prolapse repairing.
	['', 'pelvic organ', ' ', 'pelvic floor muscles', ' ', 'internal organs', ' urinary']
