Reconda International
	Developer of web services extender applications. The company developed QN-AppWatch, a Web-based WebSphere MQ administration product designed primarily to enhance WebSphere MQ application development, and QN-StatWatch, a Web-based WebSphere MQ business transaction management product that provides significant audit features through an historical repository.
	['', 'web services', ' ', 'administration product', ' ', 'business transaction management', '']
New River Technologies
	Developer of web-based programs. The company operates RiverTrend.com, a Web-based technology platform and a distribution channel that brings together wholesalers and vendors in specific vertical markets, as well as helps financial institutions, such as banks and credit unions to aggregate demand for items, including office products or collector coins.
	['', 'Web based program', ' ', 'Web based technology platform', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'eprocurement', '']
EmployInsight
	Provider of a web based platform for measuring, evaluating and quantifying employees. The company\'s platform assist in developing methods for acquiring, assessing and planning human resources in the workplace.
	['', 'human capital software', ' ', 'platform software', ' ', 'workplace assistance', '']
Information Development Consultants
	Developer of a fund accounting software for government and not-for-profit organizations. The company\'s web based products can be tailored to fit specific needs of IT, finance and elected officials. The company provides system integration services, application software products, training and advisement specially for local governments and agencies.
	['', 'accounting software', ' ', 'web based products', '']
AppFog
	Provider of a web based application platform. The company provides a platform as a service that allows to deploy, manage and scale applications written in all languages, with all frameworks, across public, private and hybrid clouds.
	['', 'web application deployment', ' ', 'application scaling', ' ', 'workload portability', '']
Appeering
	Provider of a web-based tool-set that helps professional users discover and manage the most important, industry-specific social media conversations as they develop. The company is developing a web-based application to instantly enable users to listen to and join important conversations among leaders in various industries.
	['', 'IT Services', ' ', 'web-based toolset', ' ', 'information services', '']
SwapDrive
	Provider of Web-based operating software for online data backup and storage. The company’s services allow customers to remotely backup, store, and access critical information. Its Web-based system delivers technology, user interface, and security for wizard-based installation, automatic backups, data recovery, Web access, file management and service access through the Internet.
	['', 'data backup', ' ', 'data storage', ' ', 'data recovery', '']
DecisionView
	Developer of web-based clinical optimization solutions for the life sciences industry in the United States and internationally. The company provides StudyOptimizer, a Web-based application designed for pharmaceutical companies, which allows clinical trial managers to plan, track, diagnose, and correct enrollment plans via a single centralized Web-based application that captures and aggregates clinical trial patient enrollment data from across the organization.
	['', 'clinical optimization solution', ' ', 'clinical performance application', ' ', 'clinical performance optimization', '']
TargetMatch.com
	Provider of web based matching services. The company provides matching platforms that make positive impacts on people\'s lives.
	['', 'match making', ' ', 'consumer service', ' ', 'internet matching', '']
Zoom Information Systems
	Developer of transportation software and systems solutions for city, county and state governments, DOTs and the traveling public. The company\'s web-based assessment tools and software enables companies to collect and process information from people, public infrastructure and vehicles on the road in real time.
	['', 'transportation software', ' ', 'process information', ' ', 'systems solutions', ' ', 'assessment tools', ' web-enabled']
E-Sponder
	Provider of software solutions for managing emergency situations. The company\'s web-based software is designed to help agencies collaborate, share data, send alerts, geograpically track events and adhere to NIMS/ICS guidelines.
	['', 'alert module', ' ', 'software solutions', ' ', 'microsoft platform', ' ', 'web-based software', '']
KidoZen
	Developer of an enterprise mobility platform delivered completely as a service. The company offers a web-based software that helps companies to develop and manage wireless applications that integrate with existing business software programs.
	['', 'enterprise mobility', ' ', 'wireless application manager', ' ', 'business software program', '']
MS2
	Provider of Product Lifecycle Automation services to industry. The company\'s product, MS2 Accelerate, is a web-based software application built for companies that develop products using a lifecycle process. It was started in 1998 to deliver an application that provides companies with Faster time-to-market Faster ramp-to-volume Lower development to manufacturing costs.
	['', 'Product Lifecycle Automation', ' ', 'Product Lifecycle Automation service', ' ', 'web-based product develompent tool', ' ', 'MS2 Accelerate', ' PLM ', 'Product Lifecycle Management', ' ', 'enterprise software application', '']
GreenGoose
	Provider of web-based service along with stickers with wireless sensors.
	['', 'wireless sensor', ' ', 'sensor sticker', ' ', 'web based service', '']
Employease
	Provider of employee information management solutions. The company provides Web-based solutions and outsourcing options for HR and benefits professionals.
	['', 'employee information', ' ', 'management solution', ' ', 'web based solution', '']
4charity Systems
	Provider of web-based application services. The company\'s web based software helps corporations to accurately donate, track and expedite the fulfillment of employee donations and corporate matching gifts.
	['', 'web based software', ' ', 'employee donations', ' ', 'Corporate Matching Gifts', ' ', 'application software', '']
Clear Standards
	Provider of web-based tool for enterprise carbon management and sustainability assessment.
	['', 'enterprise carbon management', ' ', 'environmental impact assessment', ' ', 'emission data visualization', ' ', 'environmental initiative decision', ' ', 'water consumption optimization', '']
Visibli
	Provider of Web based technology to promote products. The company\'s engagement bar gives companies a tool to extend their reach, while providing consumers with content, promotions and e-commerce opportunities to sell their products and services.
	['', 'social Marketing platform', ' ', 'analytics platform', ' ', 'social media engagement', '']
