Twisted Pair Solutions
	Provider of unified communications software services. The company offers WAVE, a Voice-over-IP software application that enables users to create interoperable communications from various combinations of systems and users, using any industry standard PCs and off the shelf network hardware and WAVE SDK, a software toolkit for developers to build interoperable communications solutions that meet specific customer needs. Its products are used in various applications, such as collaboration, communications interoperability, extending radio reach, interoperability as a service, radio integration with IP telephony and unified communications, resilient tactical networks, smartphone push-to-talk and software dispatch in defense, federal government and state and local government sectors, as well as enterprises, including air transportation, utilities and hospitality sectors in the United States and internationally.
	['', 'unified communication solution', ' ', 'software application', ' ', 'unified communication', '']
Telaxis Communications
	Developer of broadband and wireless access equipments. The company develops and supplies high-speed or broadband, wireless access equipment used by network service providers to deliver integrated voice, video and data services to business and residential subscribers.
	['', 'wireless equipments', ' ', 'wireless communication equipments', ' ', 'connectivity equipments', ' electronics']
SoloMio
	Provider of integrated subscriber call management services for mobile, fixed line and broadband service providers. The company primarily focuses on providing call completion, mobility and convergence services. The company also provides a network-based software which integrates with existing mobile and fixed line network infrastructure and messaging platforms, managing voice and data sessions.
	['', 'call management', ' ', 'call completion', ' ', 'data interaction', ' ', 'call monitoring', ' ', 'call capture', '']
Ultracom Communications Holdings
	Supplier of broadband network systems-on-silicon. The company offers silicon subsystems and VLSI-based subsystems to telephony and data communications equipment manufacturers and develops two-way cable modems for data, voice and video communication solutions.
	['', 'broadband network systems', ' ', 'digital communications', ' ', 'silicon subsystems', ' ', 'communication solutions', '']
Tellium
	Provider of core optical switches. The company\' optical switches are installed in the core of telecommunications networks to manage the flow of optical signals, which are beams of light carrying voice, video, and data traffic, transmitted over fiber-optic cables.
	['', 'optical switch', ' ', 'optical signal', ' ', 'fiber-optic cable', '']
NetCentrex
	Developer of networking products and network-based applications for business communications, customer interactions and broadband residential communications. The company offers network-based software enabling IP-based voice-video-data and FMC (fixed-mobile convergence) solutions for service providers; and software-based converged voice-video-data-over-IP solutions. It develops network (NGN) voice and video solutions that enable telecom operators and service providers to deliver voice-video-data and fixed-mobile converged services for the consumer and enterprise markets.
	['', 'broadband communication', ' ', 'network product', ' ', 'mobile converge service', '']
Webdialogs
	Provider of voice and web conferencing solutions. The company provides facilities for organizing  online meetings. The company facilitates voice, video and Web conferencing, data collaboration, and Web callback solutions.
	['', 'video conferencing', '']
Communicado
	Provider of solutions for managing converged voice/data communication networks that carry real-time person-to-person business communications.The company\'s solutions include VXTracker, which integrates the management of converged voice and data networks to enterprise standards; and Streamline.
	['', 'real time communication', ' ', 'converged voice', ' ', 'VXTracker', '']
Anagran
	Producer of network flow management products. The company offers FR-1000, an intelligent flow manager and Layer 3 product platform that features fast flow, intelligent flow discard, and behavioral traffic control technologies for video-dominated rich media network traffic to transport video and rich quad-play traffic. It offers its solutions for universities and colleges, service providers, cable networks, and distributed storage, as well as for video distribution, conferencing, and HD telepresence industries.
	['', 'network flow management', ' ', 'IP traffic manager', ' ', 'P2P management', ' ', 'IP video', ' ', 'flow management', ' ', 'data application', ' ', 'Computer Communications Equipment', ' ', 'Customer Premises Equipment IP Router', ' ', 'Internet Proxy Router', '']
EXFO Service Assurance
	Provider of open and extensible converged service assurance solutions for the service providers and enterprises of voice, video, data, and mobile services. The company also provides customization, design, installation, configuration, integration, operations, and educational services. It serves carriers, cable MSOs, managed service providers, large enterprises, and mobile operators.
	['', 'mobile service', ' ', 'education service', ' ', 'management software', ' ', 'video content', '']
Trinity Convergence
	Provider of embedded software platforms that enable VoIP, voice and video over IP (V2IP) products and services. The company designs, develops and licenses comprehensive VoIP software solutions enabling equipment manufacturers to streamline the product development process.
	['VoIP ', 'software platforms', ' ', 'software solutions', ' V2IP']
Sonus Networks
	Provider of voice infrastructure products for the new public network. The company provides hardware and software that enable customers to deploy an integrated, packet-based network carrying both voice and data traffic.
	['', 'network services', ' ', 'voice infrastructure product', ' ', 'public network', ' ', 'voice traffic', '']
Stoke
	Developer of carrier-class multi-access convergence gateways for fixed, mobile and Internet-based operators. The company provides Stoke Session Exchange, an integrated hardware and software platform that addresses the security, service and mobility challenges associated with optimizing subscribers\' multimedia sessions across fixed, mobile, Wi-Fi and WiMAX networks and Stoke Mobile Data Offload, a service designed to help 3G network operators address their economic capacity and subscriber satisfaction challenges delivering mobile broadband data.
	['', 'covergence gateway', ' ', 'mobile broadband', ' multimedia ', 'mobile broadband', '']
Ridgeway Systems and Software
	Provider of multi-boundary solutions for end-to-end IP video and voice communications. The company\'s software products, IPFreedom, securely traverse network firewalls and NATs (Network Address Translation) enabling the next generation of IP connectivity-ubiquitous IP video and voice between any and all IP endpoints.
	['firewall ', 'IP connectivity', ' telecommunications']
3Com
	Provider of secure, converged voice and data networking solutions that enable customers to manage voice, video, and data in a secure network environment. The company\'s products and services include security systems, such as intrusion prevention systems, network access control systems, and firewalls; Internet protocol (IP) telephony that includes IP telephony platforms, convergence application suite, and IP phones; and networking infrastructure products comprising local area network (LAN) switches, routers and gateways, mobility and wireless LAN, network and security management. In addition, the company offers a range of professional services, such as assessment and design, project management, training and certifications, installation, and integration services.
	['', 'computer communications equipments', ' ', 'secure network', ' ', 'intrusion prevention systems', ' installations']
