Dot Wireless
	Developer of semiconductor chip sets, embedded communication protocol software, hardware reference solutions and semiconductor intellectual property. The company’s CDMA 3G products encompass the enabling technologies required to support the convergence of data and wireless communication services.
	['', 'technology components', ' licenser ', 'communication protocol', ' ', 'data services', ' CDMA 3G “embedded protocol software”']
Transwarp Networks
	Provider of storage products. The company focuses on manufacturing switching, CPU, memory products, high-performance switches, microprocessors and significant storage-related intellectual property.
	['', 'storage products', ' ', 'storage IT', ' ', 'memory products', ' ', 'intellectual property', ' switches microprocessors']
XLNT Designs
	Manufacturer of a complete line of LAN switches. The company provides custom design and the intellectual property products for LAN companies.
	['', 'LAN switch', ' ', 'intellectual property product', '']
Bops.com
	Developer of DSP intellectual property cores and compiler and software tool products. The company\'s products are used in system-on-chip-based applications in the Internet, multimedia, and wireless communications markets.
	['', 'digital signal processor', ' ', 'broadband licensing', ' ', 'software tool product', ' ', 'wireless communication', '']
Tatara Systems (Certain Mobile Broadband unit assets)
	Provider of connection management software and mobility gateway software to support Authentication, Authorization and Accounting (AAA) for carrier deployments. The company\'s assets include intellectual property, patents and technology related to the broadband connectivity space.
	['', 'connection  management software', ' ', 'mobility gateway software', ' ', 'carrier deployment', ' ', 'broadband connectivity space', '']
Pendrell
	Provider of corporate intellectual property services and litigation insights. The company is a next-generation MSS operator authorized to offer MSS throughout the United States using a GEO satellite.
	['', 'mobile satellite', ' ', 'GEO Satellite', ' MSS']
Information Holdings
	Provider of information products and services to scientific, technical, medical, intellectual property and IT learning markets. The company provides databases, information products and complementary services through Intellectual Property Group, which includes MicroPatent(R), Master Data Center(TM), Liquent-IDRAC and LPS Group.
	['', 'information provider', ' ', 'database organizer', ' ', 'information technology', '']
Walker Digital
	Developer of intellectual property. The company\'s mission is to use the tools of the digital age to create business systems that unlock value for consumers and businesses. It has started several operating companies to commercialize their inventions in e-commerce, gaming, publishing, retailing, education and other industries.
	['', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'financial software', ' ', 'commercial services', '']
EmbElectronIP
	Provider of intellectual and industrial property for electronic embedded systems. The company provides royalty-free intellectual property licenses and serve all sectors that incorporate electronics in their products.
	['', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'industrial property', ' ', 'property right', '']
NorBelle
	Provider of GPS engineering and intellectual property licensing. The company\'s core technology is known as Cearch, which enables one wireless device in motion to track and locate another wireless device in motion. It has integrated Cearch technology into a line of consumer mobile products and has combined its mobile tracking capabilities with a consumer buying platform for distribution in the US.
	['', 'GPS engineering', ' ', 'mobile tracking', ' ', 'wireless technology', ' ', 'buying platform', '']
Vincera
	Provider of end-to-end user activity management services. The company offers user activity intelligence, license management and intellectual property protection technologies that are applicable to applications on web, software and content-based applications.
	['', 'management solutions', ' ', 'user activity intelligence', '']
IDENT Technology
	Provider of intellectual property and semiconductor products. The company\'s products enable proximity sensing and real-time 3D gesture recognition for the consumer electronics industry, including mobile devices, gaming and other input devices.
	['', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'semiconductor products', '']
Article One Partners
	Operator of a research community focused on intellectual property. The company leverages a crowd of more than 30,000 researchers to identify patents, non-patent literature and non-textual content to inform users\' IP-related business decisions.
	['', 'patent validity', ' ', 'patent quality', ' ', 'online research community', ' ', 'commercial services', '']
Ulive
	Commercialization of intellectual property rights. The company engages in the identification, protection, maintenance and commercialization of intellectual property rights owned and created by the University of Liverpool.
	['rights ', 'intellectual property', ' commercialization']
TriCN
	Developer of intellectual property (IP) for semiconductor interface technology. The company offers interface-specific I/Os (ISI/O) and SerDes IP core that assists in increasing speed and data transmission of interfaces and applications.
	['', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'semiconductor interface technology', ' ', 'interface specific', '']
Open Channel Software
	Publisher of software solutions from academic and research institutions. The company focuses on the need for a new mechanism to efficiently publish software from the university while allowing for the commercialization of the most promising programs. The company developed the idea of a separating the publishing entity from the commercialization process by creating a non-profit organization (Open Channel Foundation) devoted to publication and community building.
	['', 'aerodynamics applications', ' ', 'artificial intelligence', ' ', 'economics applications', '']
Fusion IP
	Provider of funding to Universities for developing intellectual property. The company is a venture capitalist that provides short, medium and long term investments to Universities for developing intellectual property and in return get a share in earnings of such intellectual property rights.
	['', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'venture capitalist', ' ', 'long term investment', '']
