Liquiverse
	Provider of a software for editing complex data lists in diagrams. The company develops and distributes software services based on liquid browsing, a patented technology leveraging the display of charts and information lists.
	['', 'complex data', ' ', 'Liquid Browsing', ' diagrams ', 'graphical data', '']
Kippt
	Provider of social and collaborative bookmarking site. The company enables its users to organize links into lists, collect bookmarks and clips add comments and share content.
	['', 'bookmarking site', ' ', 'content sharing platform', ' ', 'social site', '']
Wakesoft
	Provider of application architecture solutions. The company’s Wakesoft Architecture Server allows users to build enterprise-level Java, XML and Web Services applications.
	['', 'Architecture Server', ' ', 'architecture solutions', ' Java  XML']
Weardrobe
	Operator of a style focused social network that connects people. The company provides an online wardrobe where one can post pictures of their coordinated outfits, tag clothing in photos, catalogue outfits and share with friends.
	['', 'virtual closet', ' wadrobe ', 'online wadrobe', ' ', 'fashion site', ' clothes']
FasterLighterBetter
	Provider of a tipping and appreciation services. The company\'s application allows fans a one-click option to support content authors in their work.
	['', 'IT Services', '']
Indicee
	Provider of a platform that helps business users to organize, analyze and share business data in an online community. The company operates an online application that allows users to merge data from various business systems, reports and spreadsheets, as well as analyze and share that data with co-workers, colleagues and customers in an online environment.
	['', 'business sharing', ' ', 'data analysis', ' ', 'data sharing', ' ', 'data merge', '']
Listiki
	Provider of an online real-time data services. The company creates and shares collaborative lists. It offers lists of favorite stuff, groceries shopping, games and songs.
	['groceries ', 'favorite stuff', ' collaborative']
Urbantag
	Provider of a community to share and recommend places to people. The company\'s application allows users to build lists and then share them with friends, either online or on iPhone, they can then create their own lists or provide input to your own, giving recommendations for where to go or where not to go.
	['', 'local discovery', ' ', 'place recommendation', ' ', 'place sharing', ' ', 'map network', '']
Affinity Labs
	Provider of online professional community for people. The company offers networks for careers such as law enforcement, healthcare, education, government and technology.
	['', 'online community', ' ', 'professional community', ' ', 'educational community', '']
Iconology
	Developer of technological infrastructure for digital comic books. The company provides weekly list of new releases in a format that allows viewing of issues individually, displaying cover arts, credits, descriptions, prices and page counts. It offers a digital Pull List system, which allows collectors to maintain their collections online, print out those lists and provide them to their local retailer, as well as allows visitors of the site to see what comics people are reading and expose them to items they wouldn\'t normally purchase.
	['', 'digital comic book', ' ', 'digital book', ' ', 'comic library', '']
Backchat
	Developer and provider of application based social platform for communication. The company\'s application allows friends to share and communicate each others feedback, opinions, feelings and ideas.
	['', 'application platform', ' ', 'human communication', ' ', 'personal feedback', '']
Fetchnotes
	Provider of note taking and organization tool. The company provides a cloud based note jotting and organizing system which allows user to capture, organize short notes like books to read, ideas and shopping lists.
	['', 'note jotting', ' ', 'organization tool', ' ', 'online note', ' ', 'mobile development', ' ', 'web development', '']
Minekey
	Provider of online content discovery and recommendation services. The company offers a social platform enabling users to share and recommend their online discoveries.
	['', 'content discovery', ' ', 'recommendation service', ' ', 'online recommendation', '']
Stamped
	Provider of an application platform to let people record and share recommendations of their favorite things. The company provides a web application that allows its users to share and recommend things like restaurants, books, movies, music and more with their friends.
	['', 'buy book', ' ', 'movie ticket', ' ', 'restaurant menu', ' ', 'download music', ' ', 'web application', ' ', 'recommendation sharing', '']
