SCT Spinal Cord Therapeutics
	Developer of therapy for acute and chronic spinal cord injuries. The company focuses on the treatment of nervous system injuries. The company provides therapy that allows the regeneration of injured nerves following their natural nerve tract, thus enabling the recovery of sensory and motor function.
	['', 'chronic disease', ' ', 'spinal diseases', ' nerves ', 'sensory function', '']
Spine-Tech
	Manufacturer of spinal implants and surgical instruments. The company is a provider of less invasive spinal implants. The company\'s products are used to surgically treat patients suffering from chronic, disabling pain caused by degenerative conditions of the spine.
	['', 'spinal implant', ' ', 'spinal surgery', ' ', 'spine surgery', '']
AirXpanders
	Developer of technology for tissue expansion after reconstructive surgery. The company\'s technology primarily enables patients to initiate implant expansion by a wireless remote control unit that activates a small gas reservoir within the implant to release a predetermined volume after the reconstruction surgery.
	['', 'tissue expansion', ' ', 'reconstructive surgery', ' ', 'implant expansion', '']
Corvascular
	Provider of technology for minimally invasive cardiac surgery. The company is the developer of the Transarrest platform, which enables surgeons to temporarily stop a patient’s heart in order to place sutures on the coronary arteries.
	['', 'cardiac surgery', ' ', 'surgical devices', ' ', 'surgery technology', ' ', 'heart surgery', ' ', 'coronary arteries', '']
CoAlign Innovations
	Developer of a less invasive and more anatomically correct spinal fusion. The company develops a low-profile interbody implant system called AccuLIF system that hydraulically expand and lock to enable accurate fit and placement for a range of lumber spinal fusion procedures.
	['anatomically ', 'spinal fusion', ' ', 'less invasive', '']
SurgRx
	Provider of tissue sealing and hemostasis systems for laparoscopic and open surgery. The company makes radio frequency-controlled tissue sealing device. It develops a proprietary nanotechnology designed to control the delivery of electrosurgical energy in vessel sealing instruments. Its product grasps, dissects, seals, and transects tissues; and provides a seal of vessels encountered during laparoscopic and open surgery.
	['', 'open surgery', ' ', 'tissue sealing', ' ', 'hemostasis systems', ' ', 'laproscopic surgery', ' ', 'electrosurgical energy', ' ', 'vessel sealing', ' ', 'tissue transection', '']
Aline Aesthetics (Aline Hyaluronic Acid Thread Technology)
	Solid state, cross-linked hyaluronic acid. Hyaluronic acid in thread form that is attached to a needle to be used as a dermal filler for cosmetic and cancer reconstructive surgeries.
	['', 'hyaluronic acid', ' ', 'dermal filler', ' ', 'cosmetic surgery', ' ', 'cancer reconstructive surgery', '']
Cardica
	Manufacturer of automated anastomotic systems. The Company is commercializing and developing the MicroCutter XCHANGE 30 based on its proprietary staple-on-a-strip technology intended for use by thoracic, pediatric, bariatric, colorectal and general surgeons. The MicroCutter XCHANGE 30, which is currently commercially-available, is a cartridge based microcutter device with a 5 millimeter shaft diameter and a 30 millimeter staple line currently approved for use in the United States for specified indications of use, and in the European Union, or EU, for a broader range of specified indications of use.
	['', 'automated anastomotic system', ' ', 'bypass surgery', ' ', 'surgery equipment', '']
C2Cure
	Manufacturer of cameras used for diagnosis and surgery purposes. The company develops disposable miniature viewing and operational devices for an array of heatlhcare markets, including diagnostic, endoscopic, imaging, and surgical.
	['', 'operational device', ' ', 'cardiac surgery', ' ', 'miniature device', ' ', 'surgery camera', ' ', 'surgical device', '']
SurgiQuest
	Provider of technology services for minimally invasive surgery. The company offers AirSeal, a technology that creates an air curtain that maintains an insufflated and airtight environment and has application in laparoscopic and laparoscopic assisted surgery. It focuses in bariatric, colo-rectal, general, gynecological and urologic surgery.
	['', 'technology service', ' ', 'minimally invasive surgery', ' ', 'laparoscopic assisted surgery', '']
LDR Holding
	Developer of implantable spine systems and instrumentation. The company\'s spinal surgery services include cervical and lumbar artificial disc systems, pedicle screw systems, cervical cages, synthetic bone substitutes and implant systems.
	['', 'implantable system', ' ', 'spinal surgery', ' ', 'spinal instrument', '']
Precimed
	Developer of surgical equipments. The company designs, develops, manufactures and supplies critical devices used in hip, trauma, knee and spine surgery.
	['', 'surgical equipment', ' ', 'hip surgery', ' ', 'Knee Extraction Set', '']
Spinal Concepts
	Provider of devices for neck and back surgery. The company delivers implants used in the treatment of spinal disorders, diseases and injuries.
	['', 'neck surgery', ' ', 'back surgery', ' ', 'lower back surgery', ' ', 'spinal disorders', ' ', 'surgical devices', '']
Cardio Life Research
	Provider of cardiac surgery devices. The company designs and develops self-guided endoscopic aortic clamping systems, self adjusting atrial retractors and self suturing puncture devices, for heart valve surgery.
	['', 'heart valve surgery', ' ', 'cardiac surgery devices', ' ', 'aortic clamping systems', ' ', 'atrial retractors', ' ', 'puncture devices', ' ', 'surgical devices', '']
Vexim
	Developer of titanium implants for the treatment of vertebral fractures. The company\'s product SpineJack helps to repair a deformed or fractured vertebra and restoring the anatomy of the spinal column.
	['', 'titanium implants', ' ', 'surgical cements', ' ', 'vertebral fractures', ' spinal']
