Aspective
	Provider of e-commerce and WAP-based mobile applications and services for customer relationship management, business intelligence, data management and field service management. The company also provides managed and support services, which include application support, support desk, infrastructure, monitoring and outsourcing services.
	['', 'field service management', ' ', 'mobile application service', ' ', 'application support', ' ', 'outsourcing service', '']
Watch Hill Partners (CRM Program)
	Provider of electronic customer relationship management and technical service offerings. The company is a management business consulting firm with a full line of business. The company provides customer relationship management consulting to help clients with that help of a regional team that stays on a project throughout the implementation lifecycle.
	['', 'customer relationship management', '']
Interactive Advisory Software
	Provider of wealth management software-as-a-service (SaaS) solution for financial advisors and wealth managers. The company offers services like financial planning, portfolio management, customer relationship management, back-office services/reconciliation, rebalancing and trading, client portal and reporting services.
	['', 'Wealth Management Software', ' ', 'Portfolio Management', ' ', 'Financial Planning', ' ', 'Customer Relationship Management', ' ', 'Back Office Services', ' ', 'Client Portals', '']
BenefitPoint
	Provider and developer of hosted integrated employee benefits infrastructure applications. The company also develops customer relationship management and procurement software platform. It offers its services and solutions to brokers, consultants, carriers, and general agents.
	['', 'infrastructure application', ' ', 'relationship management', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'communication portal', '']
Predictive Systems
	Provider of network consulting services. the company provides network infrastructure and security consulting services focused on helping global enterprises and service providers harness the power of network technology.
	['', 'information technology service', ' ', 'network consulting', ' ', 'design and security', '']
Kentor
	Provider of information technological consultancy services. The company provides computer system integration services and software products for application management, billing, business development, business intelligence, customer relationship management and quality assurance.
	['', 'system integration', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'it consultancy', '']
Lexington Software Associates
	Provider of technology and service solutions for software development and delivery environments. The company provides software consulting services including systems programming, website designing and high level consulting.
	['', 'service solutions', ' ', 'systems management', ' ', 'website designing', '']
PlugMeIn
	Provider of management consulting services. The company offers a Web technology which provides online leads to sales teams. Its product gives full access to contacts directly from any website, including company directories and social media sites.
	['', 'web technology', ' ', 'management consulting', '']
CRM Company Group
	Provider of management consulting services. The company engages in providing digital communication services for advertisements, sales promotion and public relations.
	['', 'management consultation', ' ', 'advertising campaigns', ' ', 'communication media', '']
Data Distilleries
	Provider of customer relationship management services. The company uses data-mining technology to build models to predict customer behavior, as well as providing real-time analytics for business intelligence.
	['', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'customer behaviour', ' ', 'customer interaction', '']
Mobile Cohesion
	Provider of partner relationship management services. The company provides its consulting services in Ireland.
	['', 'relationship management', ' ', 'consulting service', ' ', 'management consultant', '']
Ideaca Knowledge Services
	Provider of management consulting, advisory, implementation and support services. The company offers enterprise resource planning (ERP) solutions implementation, business intelligence, portals and collaboration, cloud computing, custom development and integration, customer relationship management (CRM) solutions implementation, application infrastructure and support services.
	['', 'enterprise resource planning', ' ', 'portals and collaboration', ' ', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'application infrastructure', '']
RealLife HR
	Provider of outsourced benefits management automation services. The company provides a suite of Web-applications and professional services that facilitate employee benefits communication, enrollment and ongoing administration.
	['', 'benefit management', ' ', 'outsourcing automation management', ' ', 'employee enrollment management', ' ', 'benefits management', ' ', 'employee benefits', '']
Servista
	Provider of management networking and outsourcing services. The company provides network management, outsourcing, consulting services and customer relationship management.
	['', 'network management', ' ', 'consulting service', ' ', 'customer relationship management', '']
Cypress Golf Solutions
	Developer of customer relationship management software for the golf industry. The company offers marketing tools that give golf courses the ability to market products and services directly to their customers.
	['', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'golf industry', ' ', 'marketing tools', '']
Commence
	Provider of customer relationship management software for small to mid-size enterprises. The company offers various software technologies for the front office business processes, and specializes in cloud-based customer relationship management and business process automation software.
	['', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'front office', ' ', 'business process automation', '']
Fidelio Software
	Operator of a software company. The company provides management support to the hospitality industry in the form of software, hardware and consulting services.
	['', 'software solution', ' ', 'consulting service', ' ', 'management support', '']
The Outsourcing Institute
	Provider of outsourcing services. The company tracks and forecasts the evolution of outsourcing while providing services and programs to assist buyers and sellers of outsourcing services.
	['', 'BPOmarketing', ' promotions ', 'relationship management', '']
Tectura North America
	Provider of business consulting services. The company offers training programs for Microsoft Dynamics AX that supports multiple languages and currencies for sustained relevance across geographies; Microsoft Dynamics GP for financial and operational functionality; Microsoft Dynamics NAV that delivers industry-specific functionality along with multi-language and multi-site capabilities; Microsoft Dynamics SL for professional and field services and construction management organizations and Microsoft Dynamics CRM, a customer relationship management service.
	['', 'business consulting service', ' ', 'business technology service', ' ', 'enterprise resource planning', '']
Connected
	Provider of a website that manages personal relationships.
	['', 'contact management', ' ', 'social integration', ' ', 'relationship management', '']
Integrated Systems Consulting Group
	Provider of information and consulting services. The company provides software applications development and systems and network management consulting services. It also provides client-server architecture, graphical user interface-based applications, object-oriented and relational databases and cross-platform applications integration.
	['', 'information enabled service', ' ', 'client-server architecture', ' ', 'network management', '']
Epiphany.com
	Developer of for software for customer relationship management. The company provides integrated set of software tools for analysis of customer data and marketing campaign management.
	['', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'customer data analysis', ' ', 'marketing campaign management', '']
