Biocistronix
	Provider of drug discovery and medical research and development services. The company also engages in development of latest diagnostic techniques for various ailments.
	['', 'medicine discovery', ' ', 'medical research', ' ', 'diagnostic techniques', '']
Lincoln Technologies
	Operator of a software development and consulting company focused on support of the pharmaceutical industry drug development process. The company provides systems and services related to applications in clinical development, pharmacovigilance, electronic data submission, and regulatory review to industry sponsors, and to FDA and other public health agencies.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'safety data mining', ' ', 'database cleaning', '']
Rofous Software
	Provider of product engineering and content engineering services. The company offers enterprise application solutions, training and staffing services, application development services, custom software development, enterprise solutions, supply chain management solutions and customer relationship management solutions.
	['', 'enterprise solutions', ' ', 'management solutions', ' ', 'custom software development', '']
Coverity
	Provider of source code analysis tools for identifying software defects in the software development life cycle. The company’s products includes a prevent static analyzer, a static analysis tool that creates a visualization of software, including an architecture map, call graph visualization and a dependency structure matrix.
	['', 'source code', ' ', 'analysis tool', ' ', 'software defect', ' ', 'security vulnerability', ' ', 'software development', '']
InitMe
	Provider of software development services. The computer offers adaptive software development, computer repair, collaborative software development and agile software development services.
	['', 'development services', ' ', 'technology companies', ' ', 'computer programing', '']
AIXUV
	Provider of XUV and EUV exposure technologies. The company develops and produces compact, user friendly EUV radiation sources for laboratory applications as well as customer-specific EUV systems. It offers research and development services and components with respect to the use of short-wave radiation. The company was spun out of RWTH Aachen University.
	['XUV EUV ', 'metrology systems', ' lamps Reflectometry']
Ubiq
	Operator of a marketing and sales organization. The company is specialized in software development, licensing and distribution for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), large accounts and retail markets.
	['', 'original equipment manufacturer', ' OEM ', 'electronic software distribution', ' CRM']
Game Minion
	Provider of cross-platform cloud services for the mobile-development industry. The company offers diifferent software-development kits, including multi-player gaming, push notifications, analytics, cloud storage, leaderboards, achievements, content delivery and social sharing.
	['SDK ', 'software development kit', ' ', 'application development', ' ', 'mobile development', '']
EdgeTrade
	Provider of agency only brokerage and software development services. The company also provides services to improve client\'s trading performance, increase productivity, lower explicit and implicit trading costs and maintain anonymity in the markets.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'trading performance', ' ', 'productivity increment', '']
Akimbi Systems
	Developer of infrastructure management services for software development and test organizations. The company offers complex configuration capture-and-restore system, a software development and test infrastructure, which allows software developers and quality assurance engineers to suspend and capture to a shared storage library.
	['', 'infrastructure management service', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'test infrastructure', '']
Netmania
	Developer of software and hardware services for industries. The company develops software and hardware for Internet service providers (ISPs), cable operators, education and health sectors, enterprise organizations and small and medium sized enterprises. It offers software development services which includes product development, data migration and online systems.
	['', 'software development service', ' ', 'online system', ' ', 'industrial supply', ' ', 'data migration', ' ', 'development service', '']
Identum
	Provider of software development services. The company offers an email encryption software tool, which allows original equipment manufacturer to tailor the email privacy capabilities.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'email encryption', ' ', 'email privacy', '']
Catapulse
	Developer of a hosted development service (HDS) for internet software development. The company\'s HDS was a collaborative development platform that included hosted development tools, Web-based collaboration services, and infrastructure for the creation and reuse of intellectual property.
	['', 'internet software development', ' ', 'hosted development service', ' ', 'web-based collaboration', ' ', 'collaborative development platform', '']
Sprockets
	Developer of collaborative software for the marketing and advertising industries. The company provides online project and deadline management for businesses.
	['', 'collaborative software', ' ', 'advertising agency', ' ', 'software developer', '']
Integrated Chipware
	Developer of software development tools and operating systems. The company provides products that allow teams to manage requirements for products and projects throughout the development lifecycle at an enterprise level.
	['', 'software development tool', ' ', 'operating system', ' ', 'manage projects', '']
Hive Media
	Provider of media development services. The company offers media development services, creation of graphic designs, illustrations, concept art and technology consulting.
	['', 'media development service', ' ', 'graphic design', ' ', 'concept art', '']
