Pharmacopeia
	Developer of novel small molecule therapeutics to address significant medical needs. The company has a portfolio of clinical and preclinical candidates under development internally or with partners including nine clinical compounds in Phase 2 or Phase 1 development addressing hypertension, diabetic nephropathy, muscle wasting, inflammation and respiratory disease.
	['', 'small molecule', ' hypertension ', 'diabetic nephropathy', '']
Argintex
	Developer of therapeutics like small molecule inhibitors of arginase.The company’s arginase also leads to the production of ornithine which increases polyamine, stimulating cell division, and contributing to hyperplasia and fibrosis.
	['', 'molecule inhibitor', ' ', 'pulmonary treatment', ' ', 'vascular disorder', ' ', 'arginase enzyme', '']
Intellikine
	Developer of small molecule drugs that target signal transduction networks for the treatment of cancer, inflammation, and autoimmune disorders. The company\'s products include INK128, an orally-available TORC1/2 inhibitor for the treatment of solid tumor malignancies; INK1197, a small molecule dual PI3K selective inhibitor for patients with immune-mediated inflammatory diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis and asthma; and PI3K selective inhibitors for the treatment of hematologic malignancies and solid tumors.
	['', 'small molecule drug', ' ', 'cancer drug', ' ', 'drug for autoimmune disorder', ' ', 'treatment of solid tumor malignancie', '']
Diaxonhit
	Developer of RNA-based diagnostic tests. The company is engaged in developing RNA-based diagnostic tests and small molecule therapeutics for the treatment of Alzheimer\'s disease (AD) and cancer. Its Genome Wide SpliceArray (GWSA) platform is a patented microarray design that incorporates a specific probe configuration, enabling monitoring of RNA splice variants in humans, mice and rats.
	['', 'diagnostic test', ' ', 'small molecule', ' ', 'RNA splice', '']
Xanthus Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of small-molecule therapeutics for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune disorders.
	['', 'cancer treatment', ' ', 'small-molecule therapeutic', ' ', 'autoimmune disorder', '']
Vioquest Pharmaceuticals
	Provider of therapeutic services for oncology. The company develops and commercializes late preclinical and early clinical stage therapies for oncology, viral and autoimmune disorders.
	['', 'oncology treatment', ' ', 'cancer therapy', ' ', 'cancer relief', '']
HemaQuest Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of small molecule therapeutics. The company develops small molecule therapeutics based on its short chain fatty acid derivative (SCFAD) technologies to treat anemia and other blood disorders.
	['', 'blood disorder treatment', ' ', 'anemia treatment', ' ', 'small molecule therapeutic', '']
Galileo Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of small molecule therapeutics. The company specializes in the discovery of compounds that moderate the effects of oxidative stress and energetic perturbations on living biological systems.
	['', 'small molecule therapeutics', ' ', 'metabolic diseases', ' oxidative ', 'metabolic stress', '']
Ardea Biosciences
	Developer of small-molecule therapeutics. The company provides therapeutics for the treatment of gout, cancer and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)..
	['', 'small molecule therapeutic', ' ', 'disease treatment', ' ', 'gout treatment', ' ', 'cancer drug', ' ', 'cancer treatment', ' ', 'HIV drug', ' ', 'HIV treatment', '']
Signase
	Developer of small molecule inhibitors of a critical cell pathway for the treatment of a variety of solid tumors.
	['', 'molecule inhibitor', ' ', 'solid tumor treatment', ' ', 'critical cell pathway', '']
Endocyte
	Developer of receptor-targeted therapeutics for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases. The company provides EC17, a folate-targeted hapten therapy drug to treat metastatic renal and ovarian cancer; EC145, a folate-targeted chemotherapeutic conjugate to treat various tumors, including cancers of the breast, lung, and blood; EC0225, a targeted chemotherapy drug.
	['', 'cancer treatment', ' ', 'autoimmune disease', ' ', 'ovarian cancer', ' ', 'breast cancer', '']
Conatus Pharmaceuticals
	Provider of human therapeutics to treat liver diseases. The company offers CTS-1027, an oral, small molecule and matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor for the treatment of liver disease.
	['', 'human therapeutic', ' ', 'liver disease', ' ', 'drug discoverer', '']
Avidex
	Operator of a biotechnology company focused on the development of therapeutics for cancer and autoimmune diseases. The company develops small molecule modulators of T cell function and protein therapeutics based on T cell receptors. The technology enables the company to develop treatments for cancer, inflammation, autoimmune diseases and allergies.
	['', 'T cell', ' mTCR ', 'autoimmune disease', ' ', 'cancer therapy', '']
Artesian Therapeutics
	Developer of small molecule therapeutics for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. The company provides small molecule drugs for congestive heart failure.
	['', 'cardiovascular disease treatment', ' ', 'small molecule therapeutic', ' ', 'congestive heart failure', '']
Adamas Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of small molecule advantaged therapeutics to treat neurological and infectious diseases. The company also develops novel extended release and combination products for symptomatic treatment of dementia.
	['', 'small molecule', ' ', 'advantaged therapeutic', ' ', 'neurological disease', ' ', 'symptomatic treatment', ' dementia']
