Care Team Connect
	Provider of a care coordination platform. The company provides a technology platforms to coordinate between hospitals, community providers, family members, and patients. It provides solutions for clinical and financial performance throughout the continuum of care.
	['', 'care technology platform', ' ', 'care coordination platform', ' ', 'care management', '']
InteCardia
	Provider of cardiac-imaging services and equipment to cardiologists. The company provides disease- and practice-management services focused on cardiology and cardiovascular medicine.
	['', 'cardiac imaging', ' cardiology ', 'cardiovascular medicine', '']
Grenslandhallen
	Provider of event management services. The company offers spaces and accommodation for events such as concerts, theatrical productions, fairs and exhibitions.
	['', 'event management', ' ', 'concert shows', ' ', 'live shows', ' ', 'event faculties', '']
Openshift
	Developer of deployment and management services in the cloud. The company provides a virtual "application capsule" to run business critical web applications with self-service deployment and management built in.
	['', 'virtual application capsule', ' ', 'deployment service', ' ', 'virtual application', ' ', 'business application', '']
Health and Productivity Corporation of America
	Provider of health care management services. The company provides a continuum of care management services integrating health management, disease management, complex care management, disability management, workers\' compensation management and case management services.
	['', 'health care management', ' ', 'health care service', ' ', 'disease management', ' ', 'complex care', ' ', 'disability management', '']
Boston Heart Diagnostics
	Provider of cardiovascular disease management services. The company provides cholesterol balance test and Boston Heart Navigator. It also conducts studies for the pharma industry and health care research organizations to support drug and therapy trials.
	['', 'cardiovascular disease management', ' ', 'cholesterol balance test', ' ', 'healthcare research', ' ', 'cardiovascular disease', '']
CleveX
	Provider of skin biopsy and wound care management products. The company provides ExiClip, a surgical device that eliminates the surgery and suture approach used by medical professionals to remove skin lesions, and improves patient outcomes.
	['', 'skin biopsy', ' ', 'cosmetic surgery', ' ', 'surgical devices', ' ', 'skin lesion', '']
US Physicians
	Operator of a physician practice management (PPM) company. The company is a manager of specialist practices engaged in providing disease management services for cancer patients.
	['', 'medical practices', ' ', 'ancillary services', ' cancer ', 'disease management', '']
Digital Campaigns
	Provider of information management and IP-enabled solutions for political, non-profit and special interest groups. The company offers database-driven information management solutions for campaign management and fundraising management. The company also provides strategic advisory services to the customers in getting advantage out of new digital technologies.
	['ASP', 'information management', ' ', 'digital technologies', 'real-time ePhone', 'telephone-based campaign', '']
Digital Healthcare
	Provider of healthcare information technology. The company provides image management and storage solutions for the Ophthalmology sector with core competencies in clinical information and patient care management.
	['', 'ophthalmology', ' ', 'healthcare technology', '']
Dotomi
	Provider of Internet advertising and media management services. The company\'s full service solutions provide media, data management, campaign management, analytical and technical support.
	['', 'media management', ' ', 'internet advertising', ' ', 'data management', ' ', 'campaign management', '']
Ready Business System
	Provider of computer data management services. The company provides information system management services and design & integration of web and e-commerce software for businesses.
	['', 'data management service', ' ', 'information system management', ' ', 'web integration', ' ', 'e-commerce software', '']
GrandCentral
	Provider of phone management services. The company developed a service that allows users to use one phone number for all of their phones.
	['', 'online service', ' ', 'online search service', '']
Flatirons Solutions
	Provider of XML-based software and services. The company offers professional services for information management in the areas of content management, XML publishing and digital asset management. The company also provides specialized technical data management products and services to the aviation and aerospace industries.
	['XML ', 'professional service', ' ', 'content management', ' ', 'XML publishing', ' ', 'digital asset management', '']
Presidium Holdings
	Provider of managed care and administrative services for worker\'s compensation. The company provides complete set of claims management and managed care services that allow self-insured, mid-sized companies to manage their workers\' compensation.
	['', 'administrative services', ' ', "worker\\'s compensation", ' ', 'claim management', '']
Thap
	Provider of internet application services. The company works with private and public employers to improve their health and disability management programs.
	['attendance public']
Novalis
	Provider of outsourced management services for provider sponsored managed care networks. The company provides administrative, management and computing services to physician networks and managed care companies.
	['', 'management service', ' ', 'care network', ' ', 'physician network', '']
Sanovia
	Provider of pharmacy management services. The company focuses on pharmaceutical administration, validation, utilization, cost, workflow management, fraud, abuse management and technology services.
	['', 'managed care', ' ', 'pharmaceutical administration', ' ', 'PA Logic', '']
GoIndustry Dovebid
	Provider of asset management Services. The company offers auction and valuation services relating to industrial equipment.
	['', 'asset management', ' auction ', 'industrial equipment', ' valuation']
Oxford Archdigital
	Provider of information management services to museums, archaeologists, local authorities and other heritage bodies. The company provides information which includes images, spatial data, web pages, electronic documents and structured text.
	['', 'information management', ' ', 'heritage bodies', ' archaeologists']
