Bedo Technologies
	Provider of LBS application and service. The company\'s product enables users to take real-time location-based information and display it in context of a consumer’s online social network.
	['', 'location based services', ' ', 'LBS application software', ' ', 'online social network', '']
MyBuys
	Provider of cross-channel personalization for brands and retailers. The company offers web recommendations and personalized alerts. It builds profiles based on individual shopper\'s behavior and then uses a patented portfolio of algorithms and real-time optimization to deliver recommendations. It offers its recommendations to users through email and RSS alerts.
	['', 'predictive display advertising', ' ', 'cross channel marketing', ' ', 'personalized alert', ' recommendation']
Echoecho Media
	Developer of a location-based mobile application for finding friends. The company offers an open API, cross-platform, carrier agnostic location sharing system which helsp users in searching for friends and suggesting meeting places.
	['', 'application developer', ' ', 'friend tracking', ' ', 'social content', '']
KitLocate
	Developer of location based applications. The company offers developers and brands a standard for user engagement and services, based on real-time location and enhanced user profiles.
	['', 'intelligence platform', ' ', 'real-time location', ' ', 'consumer location', '']
MeNetwork
	Developer of location-based mobile marketing software for businesses and consumers. The company allows local merchants to deliver targeted content, offers, loyalty programs and promotions directly to consumers mobile devices based on the location-based services.
	['', 'advertisement and promotion', ' ', 'marketing software', ' ', 'targeted marketing', '']
Yandex
	Operator of an Internet search engine in Russia. The company offers access to a range of information available online; email and personalized services, including email, photo, Website, and blog-hosting services; maps and location-based services comprising map service, road traffic congestion monitoring, maps of metro systems, panoramic photo images of streets and towns, and user-generated map services; and downloadable applications and services for mobile and digital platforms and devices.
	['', 'internet search', ' ', 'search engine', ' ', 'web search', ' ', 'online information', ' ', 'email service', ' ', 'blog hosting', ' ', 'online map', ' ', 'mobile application', '']
Connected Backup
	Provider of an automated computer backup service.  The company offers a remote, automated backup of computers that allows a user to recover files from any location.
	['', 'data storage', ' ', 'data backup', ' ', 'computer backup', '']
Tagzania Services
	Provider of geo-location services. The company, based in Spain, provides geo-location services and maps on the internet.
	['', 'consumer service', ' ', 'geo-location services', ' ', 'location information', '']
Penteye Technologies
	Developer of location tracking technologies. The company offers a real-time software which offers tracking and location-based services at airport and amusement parks.
	['', 'location-based services', ' ', 'location engine', ' ', 'alerting module', '']
Sapias
	Provider of web based intelligent resource management solutions for large enterprise customers. The company uses advanced wireless, GPS, Internet, telephony and database technologies to deliver much needed visibility to fleet managers - resulting in reduced operating costs, increased security, productivity and customer satisfaction. Sapias delivers intelligent, event-driven supply chain execution. Its patented technologies transform real-time, location-based data into customized business intelligence that can be easily integrated into existing mission-critical back-end systems.
	['', 'web based services', ' ', 'communication technology', '']
Moves
	Developer and provider of a pedometer that works with iPhone. The company\'s products use sensor and location information from the user\'s iPhone to record any activities users do and using location technology, can recognize routes of travel and locations. It enables users to track their activities and distances logged on a daily basis.
	['pedometer ', 'fitness application', ' ', 'activity tracker', '']
FSlogic
	Developer of methods for managing files and applications on Windows PCs. The companies products enhance the value of Windows-based computer solutions in single and multi user open access environments. It empower the user\'s experience and reduce total cost of ownership for the customer by decreasing system maintenance and administrative complexity.
	['', 'managing file', ' ', 'computer solution', ' ', 'system maintenance', ' ', 'administrative complexity', '']
Logictree
	Provider of interactive voice response (IVR) services for the transit and 511 markets. The company provides a platform for a multi-modal communications environment that delivers location-based real-time information via various channels, including voice, Web, short message service, social networks, Email and mobile applications for public agencies.
	['', 'interactive voice response', ' ', 'multi modal communication', ' ', 'short message service', ' ', 'social network', '']
Meridian Apps
	Provider of assistance that helps location-based businesses engage with their visitors. The company offers its services to retail outlets, hotels, hospitals, subways, airports and museums to use their platform to build and maintain mobile apps that take advantage of GPS and other location-aware technologies.
	['', 'location-aware technology', ' ', 'mobile app', ' ', 'content management system', '']
