Bongomagic
	Provider of a platform for social-network marketing services. The company provides a platform that enables users to participate in a social-community marketplace, where they can buy products, apply for vacancies or make recommendations. The platform allows users to join or create their own online communities, where they can collaborate with other community members in make online recommendations, and in so doing, help charitable causes or earn financial rewards.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'social-community', ' ', 'social-network marketing', '']
DoodleDeals
	Provider of daily deals for parents. The company offers an online platform where users can get deals on meal, restaurants, hotels as well as recipes, travel tips and feedback.
	['', 'daily deal', ' ', 'daily offer', ' ', 'parent deal', ' ', 'discount coupon', '']
Toothpick
	Provider of an online platform to book dentists appointments. The company provides a dentist finder platform where dentist can show their available appointments and patients can easily book in and become a new patient at their practice.
	['', 'online appointment', ' ', 'online dentist', ' ', 'online appointment platform', ' ', 'dental platform', ' dentist ', 'online dental appointment', '']
Class Connect
	Provider of lesson crowd-sourcing tool for teachers. The company provides an online platform which enables teachers to find, build and share lesson plans.
	['', 'crowd-sourcing tool', ' ', 'educational services', ' ', 'educational and Training', '']
Appetas
	Provider of an online platform which helps restaurant owners to build their website. The company provides an online platform which helps restaurant owners to build their customized desktop and mobile website, which can be edited and updated by the owners themselves.
	['', 'website builder', ' ', 'customized website', ' ', 'restaurant website', '']
Eleksen
	Developer of touch sensitive interactive textiles. The company develops and licenses interactive textiles for electronics interface design. The company’s core technology, ElekTex, is a electro-conductive fabric touch pad used for the creation of flexible and rugged fabric touch screen interfaces.
	['', 'interactive textiles', ' ', 'touch sensitive textiles', ' ', 'electronics interface design', ' ', 'touch sensitive fabric', ' ', 'screen interfaces', ' ', 'electronic controls', ' interfaces']
RapidMoney
	Provider of online financial services. The company provides an online platform for multiple transfer services, including money, bank wire, international and Western Union. The company also is a provider of consumer-loan services.
	['', 'consumer finance', ' ', 'money transfer', ' lending']
ubalo
	Provider on an online platform for numerical computing. The company provides interactive demos with the power of a full computer running in the user\'s browser.
	['', 'online platform', ' ', 'numerical computing', ' ', 'interactive demo', '']
Fashion Genome Project
	Provider of online platform for shopping clothes. The company understands latest style and trends prevailing in the market and provides the customers with latest fashion apparel.
	['', 'apparel shopping', ' ', 'fashionable clothes', ' ', 'internet retail', '']
Atrua Technologies
	Developer of intelligent touch controls for the mobile device industry.The company provides a variety of touch-control products that can sense a user’s touch, confirm a user’s identity through fingerprint biometrics and convert touch motions and gestures into control input.
	['biometric ', 'security access', ' ', 'mobile phone technology', '']
Vlaze Media Networks
	Provider of internet community and online advertising services. The company provides online media broadcasting. It also provides online content management, social networking and scheduling services.
	['', 'internet community', ' ', 'online advertising', ' ', 'online media broadcasting', ' ', 'online media broadcasting', '']
LinkPass
	Provider of a mobile application for business networking. The company provides a lead-generation platform linked to business social events.
	['attendees ', 'like minded people', ' ', 'trade fairs', ' ', 'social connection', '']
Monthsof.me
	Provider of online platform to share visual stories. The company provides a platform for users to share their stories and content such as pictures, text and videos which has been shared on existing social networks or stored on their desktop or portable devices. The company is focused to enable friends and family to instantly organize and share an event or a lifetime of memories anyplace and anytime.
	['', 'visual story', ' ', 'online platform', '']
Loran International Technologies
	Operator of a data networking company. The company is a system integrator of high speed networks.
	['', 'data networking', ' ', 'system integrator', ' ', 'internet network', '']
Wohin.de
	Provider of an online platform for data integration of social events through social networks. The company provides information for various social events, including  theater, concerts and sports.
	['', 'onoline platform', ' ', 'data integration', ' ', 'social events', '']
Threadsy
	Provider of an online integrated communication platform. The company provides an online integrated communication platform where users can combine their email and social network messages into a single inbox.
	['', 'integrated communication platform', ' ', 'online communication platform', ' ', 'social network', '']
Smarterer
	Provider of online services to rate and certify individuals on their proficiency of skill sets. The company offers skill assessments online platform for companies to assess employee skills.
	['', 'online service', ' ', 'individual certification', ' ', 'individual rating', ' ', 'individual proficiency', ' ', 'skill assessment', '']
Netlog
	Provider of an online platform for social networking. The company provides an online platform where users keep in touch with and extend their social network.
	['', 'social networking', ' ', 'networking platform', ' ', 'social platform', '']
Totombola
	Provider of an automated tool for creating and managing viral promotions through various social channels. The company offers an online platform to create different types of campaign (sweepstakes, photo contests and discount coupons) for different targets. These campaigns are self-managing and self-configuring.
	['', 'viral promotion', ' sweepstake ', 'photo contest', ' ', 'discount coupon', ' ', 'social channel', ' coupon']
Fridge
	Provider of an online platform for group social networking. The company provides an online platform which allows users to share their private photos and status updates with their closest friends in relative safety.
	['', 'private social networking', ' ', 'social network', ' ', 'group social networking', '']
WW FQ
	Developer of digitized animated characters for social networking. The company offers a collection of visually distinctive online social games and mobile applications that help users and mainstream audiences to find their voice.
	['avatar ', 'virtual goods', ' ', 'social game', '']
Smithfield Case
	Provider of online clothing service for men. The company creates an online platform which allows the customer to create a profile that includes style, brand, preferences, sizes and then personal stylist develops a set of looks and sizes.
	['', 'online clothing', ' ', 'online platform', ' style']
RapidEngines
	Provider of online platform for application analytics and baseline anomaly detection. The company enables to tag users application data to monitor and baseline the metrics, as well as provides customers with tools to create or configure plugins and creates analytic dashboards.
	['', 'online platform', ' ', 'baseline anomaly detection', ' ', 'configure plugin', ' ', 'analytic dashboard', '']
Tunessence
	Provider of an online platform to teach musical instruments. The company\'s software uses audio processing software with instructional videos and gives note-by-note feedback to users.
	['', 'IT service', ' ', 'internet platform', ' ', 'online music training', '']
LoanTek
	Provider of a pricing engine platform for mortgage companies. The company provides an online platform which connects mortgage consumers with loan officers.
	['', 'bank rate', ' auto-quoting ', 'email campaigns', ' ', 'marketing tools', '']
