LiveTime Software
	Developer of IT service management software. The company provides a platform one of reactive incident response to a more holistic approach involving the entire business, its processes and workflows.
	['', 'IT service management', ' ', 'business processes', ' ', 'business processes', '']
Roomtag
	Developer of a space management software. The company provides a web-based space management software that enables facility and office managers to track people, space and assets.
	['', 'space management', ' ', 'office software', ' ', 'facility management', '']
MediaFlex
	Provider of internet software and systems for on-demand publishing. The company develops a network that enables e-commerce and the distribution of on-demand image-based products. It develops print procurement technology.
	['', 'on demand publishing', ' ', 'print procurement technology', ' ', 'publishing software', '']
CompassCare
	Provider of cost and treatment delivery management software for the healthcare industry. The company develops software in connection with management of healthcare data.
	['', 'healthcare software', ' ', 'healthcare data solution', ' ', 'data management', '']
Cobook
	Developer of contact management software. The company develops applications for Macintosh and iOS platform.
	['', 'contact software', ' ', 'ios application', ' ', 'contact management software', '']
Procite
	Provider of information reference management software. The company has developed a software which give users flexibility to manage special collections and create unlimited work-forms.
	['', 'management software', '']
Terraspring
	Developer and provider of management software. The company provides service for the automated deployment, management, visibility and control of the heterogeneous computing environments.
	['', 'automated deployment', ' ', 'storage resource', ' ', 'device agnostic', ' computing']
Chancery Software
	Provider of school administration and curriculum management software. The company\'s software tools help in the management of student information, such as enrollments, scheduling, attendance, grading and student performance.
	['', 'student information system', ' ', 'curriculum management software', ' ', 'student data management', ' ', 'information management systems', ' ', 'software tools', '']
Codima Technologies
	Developer of software tools for organizations. The company enables users to view, maintain and store data on network inventory. It also helps organizations to reduce costs, save time and manage their infrastructure network. It sells network management tools.
	['', 'software tools', ' ', 'network management tools', ' ', 'VoIP management', ' ', 'IT assets', '']
intelligent views
	Provider of database management software. The company provides a software to manage vast heterogeneous databases and joins related pieces of information to discover hitherto unrevealed and unrelated knowledge.
	['', 'data mining', ' ', 'heterogeneous platform', ' knowledge']
ProwebCE
	Developer of management and communication software for works council. The company offers ProwebCom, a software for managing and publishing content, statistical tools and interactive communication and also provides a software for managing sales by department.
	['', 'works council', ' ', 'statistical tools', ' ', 'interactive communication', '']
Mission Critical
	Developer of system management software. The company develops and markets enterprise level system management software.
	['', 'system software', ' ', 'Business software', '']
Abatis Systems
	Developer of consumable IP networking software. The company develops software that are based on the business services architecture, designed to let carriers leverage their existing core networks and deploy IP services.
	['', 'networking software', ' ', 'business services architecture', ' ', 'consumable internet proticol', '']
MAXM Systems
	Developer of management software. The company develops network management software and is based in McLean, Virginia.
	['', 'enterprise automation software', ' ', 'network management', '']
Relevance Technologies
	Provider of enterprise content management software. The company offers decision support solutions and also provides workers with answers.
	['intelligence decision ', 'information resources', '']
Enroute
	Developer of of parcel-shipping management software. The company makes a web-based software platform that helps businesses choose the cheapest and fastest delivery service—international, national or regional carriers to ship their packages.
	['', 'parcel-shipping management', ' ', 'logistic software', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'package delivery software', '']
Quiver
	Developer of information management software. The company offers QKS Classifier, a taxonomy and content categorization platform that combines the technology with human judgment to increase productivity and informed decision-making.
	['', 'information management software', ' productivity ', 'content categorization', ' MIS']
Vergo
	Provider of software based services for network and risk management. The company provides network management service to manage the supply chain and its companies balanced risks management for strategic management. It also provides software for working capital management.
	['', 'network management', ' ', 'analytic software', ' ', 'working capital management', ' ', 'supply chain management', '']
ICCM Solutions
	Developer of an enterprise management software. The company provides global client base with process applications and tailored services for IT service management, HR shared services and intelligent BPM.
	['', 'service management', ' BPM ', 'business process management', ' ', 'tailored services', ' ', 'enterprise management', '']
Right Vision
	Provider of internet applications. The company, based in France, provides software based internet applications.
	['', 'internet application', ' ', 'internet software', ' ', 'software application', '']
Digital Payment Technologies
	Developer of parking management technologies. The company engages in the design, manufacture, and distribution of multi-space parking meters, management software, and online services for the parking industry.
	['', 'parking management technologies', ' ', 'parking meters', ' ', 'management software', ' ', 'multi-space parking meters', '']
AS-Groupe
	Provider of corporate performance management software. The company offers corporate planning, controlling, reporting, and services to various organizations.
	['', 'corporate software', ' ', 'corporate planning', ' ', 'software services', '']
GEOCOMtms
	Provider of integrated fleet management software to local and short-haul pickup and delivery operations. The company also provides implementation, training and support services.
	['', 'integrated fleet management', ' ', 'automation software', ' ', 'delivery operation', '']
DN2K
	Developer of a software-based system that can remotely monitor, display and control important assets. The company provides a software that aggregates business data into a single graphically-rich visualization that is displayed on mobile devices.
	['', 'remote monitoring', '  ', 'critical asset management', ' ', 'Software-as-a-Service', ' ', 'mobile device', '']
Millennial Net
	Provider of commercial and industrial wireless sensor networking software. The company provides a device that performs wireless network management tasks.
	['', 'industrial wireless sensor', ' ', 'wireless network management', ' ', 'networking software', '']
ITA Inverse Theory & Applications
	Developer of software specializing in interactive, workstation-based approaches to the processing of geophysical data. The company offers geophysical software, systems, processing, and research worldwide.
	['', 'geophysical data', ' ', 'software development', '']
CMHC Systems
	Provider of behavioral healthcare information management software. The company delivers full suites of behavioral healthcare information management software for mental health, substance abuse and addiction services agencies, developmental disability centers and behavioral health-related managed care organizations.
	['', 'healthcare information', ' ', 'mental health', '']
Obtiva
	Developer of Ruby on Rails software.
	['', 'software developer', '']
Spatial Wireless
	Developer of software-based networking solutions for mobile networks. The company provides software based and multi standard distributed mobile switching solutions.
	['', 'network solution', ' ', 'mobile network', ' ', 'mobile switching', ' ', 'network switching', ' ', 'networking software', '']
