Optimax Systems
	Provider of optical materials to make aspheres, cylinders, spheres. The company manufactures prototype optical components for aerospace, display technologies and solar applications.
	['cylinderical optics axicon wedges']
Optiva
	Developer of self-assembling nanomaterials. The company is engaged in developing and manufacturing self-assembling nanomaterials for use in a wide range of optical, electro-optical and semiconductor applications.
	['nano-material ', 'self-assembling nanomaterials', ' ', 'electro-optical applications', ' ', 'optical applications', ' ', 'crystal films', ' ', 'semiconductor applications', ' nanomaterials']
Arryx
	Developer of holographic optical trapping (HOT) technology for optically controlled measurement and manipulation in nanotechnology, biotechnology, physical and material sciences, and basic research industries. The company offers stand-alone and turnkey solutions for holo-tweezers, as well as kit-based packages for the implementation of holographic optical trapping.
	['', 'optical trapping technology', ' ', 'blood processing application', ' ', 'therapeutic research', ' ', 'nanotechnology application', ' ', 'optical telecommunication', ' ', 'reconfigurable biochip', '']
Theta Optics
	Provider of optical products. The company operates shops that sell optical glasses and other optical consumer products.
	['', 'optical shops', ' ', 'optical products', ' eyeglass spectacles']
Koyj Company
	Manufacturer and seller of composite optical materials in South Korea. The company offers optical components, chemical applications, optical films, thermal extrusion processing, and polymer material developments.
	['']
CyOptics
	Developer of Indium Phosphide (InP) optical chips and components for integration into access, metro and long-haul communications systems. The company\'s products include planar lightwave circuits (PLCs) for optical networks in telecommunications and defense applications.
	['', 'laser detector', ' ', 'planar lightwave circuit', ' ', 'optical chip', ' ', 'lightwave circuit', ' ', 'optical component', ' ', 'optical product', '']
Équipe Communications
	Manufacturer of core network switching equipment. The company designs, manufactures and sells markets asynchronous transfer mode and multiprotocol label switching products for the optical network market.
	['', 'core switch', ' ', 'optical network', ' switching ', 'core network', ' ', 'ATM switches', ' ', 'MPLS switches', '']
NanoOpto
	Manufacturer of integrated modular nano-optic components for optical systems and networks. The company\'s products include IR cut filters, nano-optic isolators, deep ultraviolet polarizers, polarizing beam splitters/combiners, optical isolators, microlens arrays, and WDM filters, as well as waveplates, retarders, and trim retarders. It\'s services include conformal optical coatings by atomic layer deposition, precision coatings by e-beam deposition, precision dicing, and optical design and engineering.
	['', 'nano-optic component', ' ', 'IR cut filter', ' ', 'deep ultraviolet polarizer', ' ', 'conformal optical coating', '']
Ofidium
	Developer of OFDM technologies. The company provides 100 Gigabits per second optical optical OFDM technologies which delivers increased bandwidth and reduced costs for telecommunications networks.
	['', 'OFDM technology', ' ', 'communications infrastructure', ' ', 'communications network', ' ', 'optical fiber', '']
JDS Uniphase
	Viavi Solutions Inc was incorporated in California in 1979 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1993 as JDS Uniphase Corp (CA). The Company changed its name from JDS Uniphase Corp (CA) to Viavi Solutions Inc. The Company is a provider of network and service enablement solutions and optical products for telecommunications service providers, wireless operators, cable operators, network-equipment manufacturers and enterprises. Its segments include Network Enablement, Service Enablement, Communications and Commercial Optical Products and Optical Security and Performance Products. The Network Enablement segment provides an integrated portfolio of testing solutions that access the network to perform build-out and maintenance tasks. These solutions include instruments, software and services to design, build, turn-up, certify, troubleshoot and optimize networks. The Service Enablement segment provides embedded systems and enterprise performance management solutions that supply global service providers, enterprises and cloud operators visibility into network, service and application data. The Communications and Commercial Optical Products segment addresses end markets including data communications (Datacom) and telecommunications (Telecom) networking and commercial lasers (Lasers) for manufacturing, inspection and life-sciences applications. The Optical Security and Performance Products segment leverages its core optical coating technologies and volume manufacturing capability to design, manufacture, and sell products targeting anti-counterfeiting, consumer and industrial, government, healthcare and other markets. The Company markets its products to telecommunications and cable service providers, NEMs, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), enterprises, governmental organizations, distributors and strategic partners. Its competitors include Giesecke & Devrient, Agilent Technologies, Inc., Anritsu Corporation, Exfo Inc., Ixia, NetScout Systems, Inc.
	['', '', 'optical communications', ' laser']
Fiberxon
	Manufacturer of optical link interfaces for optical communication systems. The company offers telecommunication/data products, optical network products, and optical components, which comprise transceivers and sub-assemblies. Its products enable various applications of optical communication systems, such as metropolitan area network and access network.
	['', 'optical link interface', ' ', 'optical communication system', ' ', 'optical network product', '']
Network Elements
	Developer of network infrastructure building blocks. The company provides customers with fully tested modular solutions incorporating optical interfaces and wirespeed processing for layers 2/3 through layers 4/7.
	['', 'network infrastructure', ' ', 'wirespeed processing', '']
Infinera
	Provider of optical networking computer chips. The company’s DTN System is carrier-class, which means that it complies with applicable Telcordia and equivalent major international standards for central office-based network elements. Its DTN System supports a broad range of optical service interfaces, including Ethernet (Gigabit Ethernet and 10 GbE) and separate synchronous optical network/synchronous digital hierarchy. Infinera Line System 2 Infinera DTN Systems are built upon and connected to one another using an optical line system.
	['', 'computer chip', ' optics interface ', 'line system', '']
LiquidLight
	Developer of intelligent optical networking technology that spans from the core to the edge of the optical network. The company offers robust set of revenue enhancing services, such as high-speed internet access, streaming video and guaranteed performance for hosted applications, to the OSP\'s business customers that sit at the edge of the optical network.
	['', 'optical networking', ' ', 'high-speed internet', ' ', 'video streaming', '']
Caliopa
	Developer of optical transceivers for the data and telecommunication markets. The company is a spin-off of the Photonics Research Group of Ghent University and imec.
	['', 'optical transceivers', ' ', 'silicon photonics', ' ', 'telecommunication markets', ' ', 'connectivity products', '']
