InitMe
	Provider of software development services. The computer offers adaptive software development, computer repair, collaborative software development and agile software development services.
	['', 'development services', ' ', 'technology companies', ' ', 'computer programing', '']
InsureWorx
	Provides enterprise and tactical software services. The company is an insurance software development company that provides enterprise and tactical software services for workers’ compensation, commercial property, casualty and risk administration organizations.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'insurance software', '']
EdgeTrade
	Provider of agency only brokerage and software development services. The company also provides services to improve client\'s trading performance, increase productivity, lower explicit and implicit trading costs and maintain anonymity in the markets.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'trading performance', ' ', 'productivity increment', '']
Akimbi Systems
	Developer of infrastructure management services for software development and test organizations. The company offers complex configuration capture-and-restore system, a software development and test infrastructure, which allows software developers and quality assurance engineers to suspend and capture to a shared storage library.
	['', 'infrastructure management service', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'test infrastructure', '']
CoderBuddy
	Owner and operator of a platform for software development. The company offers services related to the web based development, testing and deployment of software applications to the cloud.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'software deployment', '']
Identum
	Provider of software development services. The company offers an email encryption software tool, which allows original equipment manufacturer to tailor the email privacy capabilities.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'email encryption', ' ', 'email privacy', '']
Corio
	Provider of enterprise applications from software vendors such as Oracle, Siebel, and SAP. The company\'s product Applications on Demand 2005, offers a suite of applications management, infrastructure, and professional services. The application management services include providing computers, data center facilities, and networks to support software applications. It also includes customer support; application, security, and infrastructure management; data center; and network management solutions.
	['', 'enterprise application', ' ', 'application management', ' ', 'resource management', ' ', 'infrastructure management', '']
IQ Therapeutics
	Developer of human antibodies for the prevention and treatment of infectious diseases. The company provides research and development services and also offers technology as a service for third parties.
	['', 'human antibodies', ' ', 'infectious diseases', ' ', 'anthrax infections', '']
Vanceinfo Technologies
	Provider of IT services and offers offshore software development services. The company offers research and development, quality assurance and testing, and custom application development. It also provides enterprise software implementation and maintenance services, specializing in applications from such vendors as Oracle and SAP. Its globalization and localization services include creating versions of software for different languages.
	['', 'IT service', ' ', 'offshore software development', '  ', 'custom application development', ' ', 'enterprise software implementation', ' ', 'software maintenance service', ' ', 'Software quality assurance', ' ', 'software testing', '']
