Lebanon Plastics
	Manufacturer of molded plastic products. The company engages in machine production and manufacturing of integrated plastic injection molded products.
	['', 'plastic products', ' ', 'molded products', ' ', 'plastic injection', '']
Agami
	Designer and developer of production lines for plastic bottles. The company develops production lines for plastic bottles with capacities of between 100 and 500 ml. Its production lines are based on vertical tubular thermoforming technology using reels of plastic sheeting.
	['', 'plastic bottle', ' ', 'production line', ' ', 'thermoforming technology', ' ', 'plastic sheet', '']
T_O_P Oberflächen
	Provider of paint products. The company provides scratch-resistant surface coating of thermally sensitive, optically transparent plastics (PLEXIGLAS), of plastic materials in general and of non-plastic materials.
	['', 'paint product', ' ', 'scratch-resistant', ' ', 'surface coating', ' ', 'Specialty Chemical', '']
Sogemap
	Producer of plastic products.
	['', 'plastic product', ' ', 'raw material', ' ', 'plastic manufacturing', '']
V.L.T.
	Manufacturer of molded fiber cartons. The company produces egg cartons and egg trays for markets in the Baltic states.
	['', 'molded fiber', ' ', 'packaging product', ' ', 'egg carton', '']
Innoplast
	Provider of plastic products. The company specializes in manufacturing and processing injection molding.
	['', 'plastic products', ' ', 'injection moldings', ' plastic']
Craft Dragon
	Developer and manufacturer of craft tools. The Company develops and manufactures craft tools and extras to make hot foil stamping available to home users for craft and domestic purposes. It also offers tools and accessories, dies, foil packs, foil rolls, plastic products, ink stampings, embellishing products, ribbons, pre-cut stencils, stencil packs, project packs, leather goods and workshops.
	['', 'hot foil stamp', ' ', 'craft tool', ' goods ', 'domestic purpose', '']
ViaFit
	Provider of orthotic and prosthetic goods and services. The company offers various types of bracing from off-the-shelf wrist splints to custom molded back braces, sports braces and functional knee braces.
	['orthotic ', 'prosthetic goods', ' braces']
RSP Tooling
	Developer of tooling machines that use patented rapid solidification process technology. The company develops production and prototype tooling for forging, die casting and plastic injection applications.
	['', 'rapid solidification process technology', ' ', 'industrial products', '']
