Osiris Therapeutics
	Provider of medical facilities in the inflammatory, autoimmune, orthopedic and cardiovascular areas. The company\'s stem cell products have significant therapeutic potential because of their ability to regulate inflammation, promote tissue regeneration and prevent pathological scar formation.
	['', 'stem cell', ' ', 'medical facilities', ' ', 'therapeutic devices', '']
LeukoSite
	Developer of therapeutics based upon the biology of leukocytes with potential applications in cancer, inflammatory, autoimmune and viral diseases. The company\'s technology and expertise in leukocyte biology facilitate the discovery and development of proprietary drugs that destroy or block the disease-causing actions of leukocytes.
	['', 'drug discovery', ' ', 'leukocyte', '']
CorSolutions
	Provider of disease management and related services to employers, health plans and government-sponsored healthcare programs. The company offers cancer treatment; cardiac treatment, including coronary artery disease program and heart failure program; respiratory treatment comprising asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease program and pain treatment.
	['', 'disease management', ' ', 'healthcare program', ' ', 'government healthcare program', ' ', 'artery disease program', ' ', 'pulmonary disease program', '']
LifeMasters Supported SelfCare
	Provider of health promotion and disease management programs and services. The company offers programs for individuals with diabetes, congestive heart failure, coronary artery disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, hypertension and asthma, cancer, metabolic syndrome and musculo-skeletal pain. It also provides programs for depression and lifestyle changes, such as smoking cessation and weight loss.
	['', 'weight loss', ' ', 'health promotion', ' ', 'disease management', ' ', 'heart failure', ' ', 'coronary artery management', ' ', 'smoking cessation', '']
Peptor
	Developer of products to treat autoimmune diseases. The company develops small cyclical analogues of peptide loop drugs to treat cancer, bacterial and fungal infections, autoimmune diseases, multiple sclerosis and other disorders.
	['', 'autoimmune product', ' ', 'protein treatment', ' ', 'healthcare service', '']
Adenosine Therapeutics
	Developer of novel pharmaceutical products that target adenosine receptor subtypes. The company develops drugs for the treatment of asthma, diabetes, Parkinsonís disease, cancer, ophthalmic disease and inflammatory indications such as sepsis, heart attack, ischemia-reperfusion injury, sickle cell crisis, vascular injury, arthritis, spinal cord injury, COPD and inflammatory bowel disease.
	['adenosine asthma diabetes ', 'adenosine receptor', ' ischemia-reperfusion']
Aerocrine
	Creator of a device to monitor inflammatory airway diseases. The company provides a device to monitor exhaled nitric oxide (NO) from patients with inflammatory airway diseases such as asthma to assess the levels of their ailment and predict exacerbations.
	['', 'medical technology', ' ', 'treatment product', ' ', 'inflammatory airway disease', '']
Topigen Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder therapeutics. The company\'s lead product, TPI-ASM8, is an inhaled combination of antisense oligonucleotides targeting key cytokines involved in asthmatic airway inflammation, and is in Phase II clinical trials. The company is also developing an antisense product against phosphodiesterase isoforms for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder therapeutics.
	['', 'asthma therapeutics', ' ', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder', ' ', 'antisense', '']
SuppreMol
	Developer of therapeutics for the treatment of autoimmune diseases and allergic diseases. The company is focused on development of soluble Fc-gamma receptors (FcyRs), which are recombinant autologous therapeutic proteins with a specific immunoregulatory potential.
	['', 'therapeutic device', ' ', 'autoimmune disease', ' ', 'therapeutic protein', '']
Epigenesis
	Developer of inhaled respiratory medicines for the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The company develops EPI-12323, a once daily, small molecule, inhaled non-glucocorticoid steroid that targets the inflammatory and airway obstruction cascade in the irritated lung.
	['', 'respiratory medicine', ' ', 'asthma treatment', ' ', 'obstructive pulmonary disease', ' ', 'respiratory treatment', ' inhaler']
Palau Pharma
	Provider of biopharmaceutical products. The company specializes in the discovery and development of new products for treating inflammatory and autoimmune diseases.
	['bio-pharmaceutical ', 'inflammatory disease', ' ', 'autoimmune disease', '']
Actimis Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of small molecule therapeutics for respiratory, inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. The company offers its therapeutics for autoimmune diseases, such as asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), inflammatory dermatoses, inflammatory bowel disease and rheumatoid arthritis.
	['', 'autoimmune disease treatment', ' ', 'inflammatory disease treatment', ' ', 'rheumatoid arthritis treatment', '']
Avidex
	Operator of a biotechnology company focused on the development of therapeutics for cancer and autoimmune diseases. The company develops small molecule modulators of T cell function and protein therapeutics based on T cell receptors. The technology enables the company to develop treatments for cancer, inflammation, autoimmune diseases and allergies.
	['', 'T cell', ' mTCR ', 'autoimmune disease', ' ', 'cancer therapy', '']
StormBio
	Developer of therapy for influenza and other inflammatory diseases. The company is developing a new class of therapeutics designed to target only an over-reaction of the inflammatory process, without shutting down the body\'s immune response.
	['', 'influenza', ' ', 'inflammation treatment', ' ', 'pandemic', ' ', 'biopharm', '']
Immunex
	Provider of biopharmaceutical drug discovery. The company is focused on immune-system research, in the disciplines of immunology, cytokine biology, vascular biology, antibody-based therapeutics and small-molecule research. It works to develop new therapeutics for rheumatoid arthritis, asthma and other inflammatory diseases, as well as cancer and cardiovascular diseases.
	['', 'antibody therapeutics', ' ', 'vascular science', ' ', 'rheumatoid arthritis', ' asthma ', 'cardiovascular therapy', '']
Cornerstone Therapeutics
	Developer and distributor of products for respiratory, inflammatory and critical care diseases. The company focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of products designed to treat asthma and critical care diseases through the regulation of the body’s inflammatory response.
	['', 'critical care disease', ' ', 'body inflammatory', ' ', 'chronic disease', ' ', 'respiratory disease', '']
Centaur Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of novel class of small molecule pharmaceutical compounds for the treatment of neurodegenerative and inflammatory diseases. The company develops such compounds to treat inflammatory diseases such as acute stroke, dementia, rheumatoid arthritis, myocardial ischemia and Parkinson’s disease.
	['', 'molecule pharmaceutical compound', ' ', 'pharmaceutical products', '']
Allostera Pharma
	The company also developes allosteramers for inflammation and autoimmune diseases. The company\'s lead products target the insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor (IGF-1R)for cancer.
	['', 'inflammation disease', ' ', 'autoimmune disease', '']
