Newton Propulsion Technology
	Developer of hybrid propulsion technology based engine. The company\'s product is a hybrid of the gas turbine and of the volumetric internal combustion engine, which can be used in all types of heavy vehicles, sailing craft, aircraft and power stations.
	['', 'hybrid propulsion technology', ' ', 'hybrid engine', ' ', 'industrial supply', ' ', 'volumetric engine', ' ', 'heavy vehicles engine', '']
SNTech
	Manufacturer of electric motors. The companies electric motors are used in ventilation, refrigeration, aftermarket applications, heating and cooling applications, such as furnaces, air handlers, heat pumps and air conditioners.
	['', 'electric motor', ' ', 'cooling application', ' ', 'electric motor manufacturer', '']
Lévêque Electricité
	Provider of electric cables. The company develops and provides electric cable for supermarkets, hospitals, hotels, restaurants and manufacturing factories in France.
	['', 'electric cable', ' ', 'electricity distributor', ' ', 'electric current', ' ', 'electric utility', '']
Hybrid Electric Vehicle Technologies
	Developer of electric motors. The company\'s technology provides hybrid, plug-in hybrid and electric powertrains and powertrain components.
	['', 'electric motor', ' ', 'electric bicycle', ' ', 'electric vehicle design', ' ', 'hybrid vehicle', '']
Xtend Networks
	Provider of hybrid fiber-coaxial network system that helps expand the existing bandwidth by up to 3 GHz.
	['', 'fiber-coaxial systems', ' ', 'network systems', ' ', 'band-width', '']
NFi Studios
	Provider of web technology that connects member & industry communities. The company\'s technology provides professional networking for associations, builds relationships, drives businesses and connects members.
	['', 'web platform', ' ', 'member community', ' ', 'social technology', '']
GOVECS
	Manufacturer of electric vehicles for transportation. The company is dedicated to the development, production and marketing of electric vehicles including zero-emission scooter models.
	['', 'electric vehicle', ' ', 'electric scooter', ' scooter ', 'zero-emission vehicle', '']
Agile Systems
	Manufacturer of energy-efficient electronic controls for electric motors. The company designs and develops advanced motion control technology including motor control and power conversion. The company caters to broad range of industries including semiconductor, life science, robotics, automation equipment, automotive, industrial machinery and alternative energy.
	['', 'energy-efficient technology', ' ', 'motion control', ' ', 'power conversion', '']
elmove
	Developer of electric drive technology. The company develops technology for two and three wheel vehicles.
	['', 'electric drive', ' ', 'electric movement', ' ', 'electric component', '']
Pantec
	Developer of mini motors.  The company develops software-controlled, piezo ceramic-based mini motors for the consumer electronics and automotive sectors.
	['motor ', 'ceramic motor', ' ', 'software controlled motor', ' ', 'mini motor', ' piezo']
New Eagle
	Provider of mechatronic control systems. The company develops electronic control modules for a range of applications, including electric & hybrid vehicles, autonomous vehicles, intelligent machines, hydraulic systems and engine systems.
	['', 'mechatronic control system', ' ', 'control system', ' ', 'electronic control module', '']
