Frontera Films
	Operator of a film studio. The company produces independent feature films in a range of genres, then turns the finished product over to a film distributor for domestic and international release.
	['', 'film making', ' ', 'independent films', '']
TheMarker TV
	Provider of TV broadcasting services.
	['', 'broadcasting services', ' ', 'television and media', '']
ClubCom
	Provider of television broadcasting services to the health club and gymnasium sector. The company specializes in providing customized audio or video entertainment and proprietary advertising programs to commercial health clubs.
	['', 'television broadcasting', ' ', 'customized audio', ' ', 'video entertainment', '']
MoreTV Broadcasting
	Provider of television broadcasting services. The company operates a 24-hour media service program information and personalized television recommendations via the internet and satellite broadcasting.
	['', 'television broadcasting', ' ', 'media service', ' ', 'satellite broadcasting', '']
Beamly
	Developer of a social television platform. The company has designed and developed a interactive software application which synchronizes mobile devices such as iPads, smartphones and laptops with regular main-screen television sets to deliver an augmented television experience.
	['', 'connectivity application', ' ', 'interactive software', ' ', 'synchronizing device', ' ', 'television show', ' ', 'advertisement platform', '']
Ad Valem Technologies
	Provider of data storage and broadcasting services. The company specializes in the broadcasting and management of audiovisual content via its fiber optics distribution software targeting on TV networks, production companies, internet service providers and rights managers.
	['', 'data storage', ' ', 'distribution software', ' ', 'production house', '']
Veo Television
	Provider of television broadcasting services in Spain.
	['', 'broadcasting services', ' ', 'television broadcasting', ' ', 'TV broadcasting services', '']
Grupo Continental Producciones
	Operator of television programs and cinemas. The company produces audiovisual and digital contents for TV films, advertisements and programs.
	['', 'television production', ' advertisement ', 'TV show', '']
Electro Energy
	Provider of proprietary battery technologies and associated systems.The Company is engaged in the development of energy storage technology, products and related systems through contract research and development for the United States Government and its agencies.
	['', 'proprietary battery', ' ', 'energy storage technology', ' ', 'bipolar batteries', ' ', 'consumer products', '']
Lingk & Sturzebecher
	Manufacturer of lightweight hydraulic cylinders consisting of carbon fiber-reinforced plastics. The company is engaged in the development of composite materials for use in pressurized hydraulic applications in aerospace, mobile and industrial markets.
	['', 'hydraulic cylinder', ' ', 'carbon fiber reinforced plastics', ' actuator']
Besunyen Holdings Company
	Provider of therapeutic tea products in China. The company is engaged in the development, production, sales and marketing of therapeutic tea and other health food products.
	['', 'brand awareness', ' ', 'food product', ' ', 'laxative products', '']
Fox Entertainment Group
	Provider of film entertainment and television broadcasting services. The Company is engaged in the development, production and worldwide distribution of feature films and television programs.
	['', 'television broadcasting service', ' ', 'film entertainment', ' ', 'television program', '']
Nucleonics
	Provider of biotechnology services. The company is engaged in the development of novel RNA interference-based therapeutics for viral and other diseases.
	['', 'therapeutic products', ' ', 'biotechnology services', ' ', 'viral diseases', '']
Telcast Media Group
	Provider of television broadcasting and marketing services. The company operates a television production studio and serves broadcasters in Germany and internationally.
	['', 'production studio', ' ', 'television distribution', ' 3D']
