SaltCheck
	Developer of a technology to monitor salt intake for the control of hypertension and congestive heart failure. The company develops the technology for self-monitoring by people used in doctor offices, clinics and for home use worldwide.
	['', 'salt intake', ' monitor  hypertension ', 'congestive heart failure', ' ', 'urine spot test', '']
Gecko Health Innovations
	Provider of an asthma monitoring device. The company\'s device provides reminders and increases disease awareness among its users to better manage their asthma.
	['', 'monitoring program', ' ', 'monitoring platform', ' ', 'asthma tool', ' ', 'monitoring device', '']
CorSolutions
	Provider of disease management and related services to employers, health plans and government-sponsored healthcare programs. The company offers cancer treatment; cardiac treatment, including coronary artery disease program and heart failure program; respiratory treatment comprising asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease program and pain treatment.
	['', 'disease management', ' ', 'healthcare program', ' ', 'government healthcare program', ' ', 'artery disease program', ' ', 'pulmonary disease program', '']
LifeMasters Supported SelfCare
	Provider of health promotion and disease management programs and services. The company offers programs for individuals with diabetes, congestive heart failure, coronary artery disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, hypertension and asthma, cancer, metabolic syndrome and musculo-skeletal pain. It also provides programs for depression and lifestyle changes, such as smoking cessation and weight loss.
	['', 'weight loss', ' ', 'health promotion', ' ', 'disease management', ' ', 'heart failure', ' ', 'coronary artery management', ' ', 'smoking cessation', '']
Boston Heart Diagnostics
	Provider of cardiovascular disease management services. The company provides cholesterol balance test and Boston Heart Navigator. It also conducts studies for the pharma industry and health care research organizations to support drug and therapy trials.
	['', 'cardiovascular disease management', ' ', 'cholesterol balance test', ' ', 'healthcare research', ' ', 'cardiovascular disease', '']
Atherogenics
	Developer of treatments for inflammatory disease. The company develops novel drugs for diabetes and coronary heart disease.
	['', 'inflammatory disease', ' ', 'coronary disease', ' ', 'metabolic disease', '']
Join Sessions
	Developer of mobile platform for personal coaching for regular physical exercises. The company offers a platform that tracks behavioural health and health programs to help people improve their fitness and lose weight.
	['', 'wellness health program', ' ', 'track behavioral health', ' ', 'regular physical exercise', ' ', 'mobile platform', '']
Aires Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of therapies for pulmonary vascular disorders. The company develops therapies to treat pulmonary vascular disorders such as pulmonary arterial hypertension and pulmonary hypertension due to heart failure.
	['', 'pulmonary disorder', ' ', 'bacterial pulmonary', ' ', 'cystic fibrosis', '']
MySelfHelp
	Provider of online and interactive mental health self-help programs and tools. The company’s programs enable users to manage depression, stress, insomnia, eating disorders, grief, guilt, low self-esteem, compulsive shopping, and hope for HIV. It serves health care companies and individuals.
	['', 'online mental health', ' ', 'interactive mental health', ' ', 'manage disease', '']
WageWorks
	Provider of tax-advantaged programs for consumer-directed health, commuter and other employee spending account benefits or CDBs. The company administers and operates a broad array of CDBs, including spending account management programs, such as health and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts, or FSAs, Health Savings Accounts, or HSAs, Health Reimbursement Arrangements, or HRAs and commuter benefits, such as transit and parking programs.
	['', 'tax program', ' ', 'tax benefit', ' ', 'commuter tax', ' ', 'retiree service', ' ', 'benefit program', ' ', 'retiree service', ' ', 'retiree program', ' ', 'tax advantage', ' ', 'employee benefit', ' ', 'employee service', '']
Thap
	Provider of internet application services. The company works with private and public employers to improve their health and disability management programs.
	['attendance public']
Vibrynt
	Developer of a technology for morbid obesity. The company is the developer of an investigational device designed to assist with weight loss by limiting food consumption.
	['obesity ', 'weight loss', ' ', 'investigational device', ' ', 'treat obesity', '']
Technologie BiolActis
	Developer of natural peptide mixtures for the treatment and prevention of diseases like lipid disorders, cardio-vascular disorders and metabolic syndrome. The company develops products for human wellness, concentrating on metabolic disorders and obesity-associated conditions weight management, systemic and local inflammation, hyperlipidemia, metabolic syndrome, hypertension, diabetes and cancer.
	['', 'peptide mixtures', ' ', 'metabolic syndrome', ' immunotherapy ', 'metabolic drug', ' ', 'nutraceutical drugs', '']
ReliefInsite
	Provider of a web-based platform to enable and enhance disease management programs, particularly in pain management. The company provides an online community where people suffering from pain can assess and track their pain levels.
	['', 'online pain management', ' ', 'pain management', '']
