SNAPin Software
	Provider of device-centric customer care and diagnostic software products. The company’s handset-based SelfService product suite repairs critical device and network settings, such as those required for roaming, messaging, or data networking.
	['software wireless communication network ', 'mobile phone', ' cellular telecommunication roaming repair']
Mahi Networks
	Supplier of optical networking equipment. The company supplies multi-service metro packet switching, TDM grooming and reconfigurable optical transport systems to service provider customers.
	['', 'optical equipment', ' ', 'networking equipment', ' ', 'metro packet switching', '']
Cisco Systems
	Designer, manufacturer and seller of Internet Protocol (IP) based networking technologies to its clients. The company offers various products and services including networking software, routers, video, wireless, security, voice and unified communication, telepresence, collaboration, webex, data center, virtualization and unified computing systems.
	['', 'information technology', ' ', 'networking technology', ' ', 'networking software', '']
RuggedCom
	Manufacturer of rugged communications networking products. The company provides rugged communications networking services designed for mission-critical applications in harsh environments such as those found in electrical power substations and "Smart Grids", intelligent transportation systems, industrial process control and military applications.
	['', 'rugged communication network', ' ', 'ethernet switch', ' ', 'network router', ' ', 'wireless device', '']
Zenverge
	Provider of semiconductors for digital media products. The company is developer of content networking ICs built around the patented TransAll technology, a core requirement for next generation video services gateways.
	['', 'digital media', ' ', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'video networking', ' ', 'networking equipment', ' ', 'desktop media', '']
Nortel Networks
	Manufacturer of networking products. The company is a manufacturer of equipment for telecommunications and data networking.
	['', 'networking equipment', '  ', 'data networking equipment', ' ', 'cable operators', '']
SwitchOn Networks
	Provider of semiconductor and software components to the Content and Policy-based networking. The company\'s products enable next generation network equipment, including web and content switches, CMTS, DSLAM, enterprise routers, edge routers, bandwidth managers, VPNs, Firewalls and Intrusion detection systems.
	['', 'semiconductor and software component', ' ', 'wirespeed packet classification', ' ', 'networking solution', ' ', 'networking device', ' ', 'semiconductor component', ' ', 'semiconductor networking solution', ' ', 'networking equipment', ' ', 'packet content processor', '']
RouteLambda
	Provider of an optical networking equipment. The company provides outsourced assembly of standardized optical networking equipment and broad base communication equipment in Japan.
	['', 'optical networking', ' ', 'communication equipment', ' ', 'outsourced assembly', '']
Loran International Technologies
	Operator of a data networking company. The company is a system integrator of high speed networks.
	['', 'data networking', ' ', 'system integrator', ' ', 'internet network', '']
CebaTech
	Provider of technology to the networking and storage markets. The company develops hardware-acceleration technology designed to boost protocol execution performance in embedded systems.
	['', 'communication protocol', ' ', 'Silicon chip', ' ', 'networking application', '']
Gascoigne Melotte Holding
	Manufacturer of equipment for the dairy industry. The company offers milking machines and other dairy automation products.
	['', 'milk harvesting equipment', ' ', 'agricultural machinery', ' ', 'dairy automation', '']
Kiyon
	Provider of mesh networking products for wireless broadband networks. The company offers autonomic mesh networking technology that allows it to interface with higher-level protocols.
	['', 'mesh network', ' ', 'networking products', ' ', 'networking technologies', '']
Advanced Computer Communications
	Developer and manufacturer of wide area inter-networking products for interconnection and management of distributed computer networks. The company also provides bandwidth technologies and offers various routers.
	['routers ', 'inter-networking', ' interconnection bandwidth']
Positron Access Solutions
	Developer and manufacturer of telecommunications equipment for critical service applications. The company design, manufactures and markets networking and broadband management equipment to information technology and telecommunication industries. Its platform enables broadband connectivity and system networking services.
	['', 'telecommunications equipment', ' ', 'critical service', ' ', 'broadband management', ' ', 'broadband connectivity', ' ', 'networking service', '']
Vitalink Communications
	Manufacturer of data networking products. The company sells routers and other networking products. Its systems are used to build computer networks.
	['router']
Vivace Networks
	Manufacturer of multi-protocol label switching networking products. The company provides optical service creation platforms for service providers for the next generation public data network.
	['', 'networking equipment', ' switches multi-protocol']
