NowMedia
	Provider of an online platform for live video streaming of events. The company engages in developing an integrated broadcast media network in order to build location-centric mobile communities with live interactive content.
	['', 'online platform', ' ', 'live video streaming', ' ', 'broadcast media network', ' ', '3G phones', ' ', 'mobile communities', ' ', 'live interactive content', '']
Ahortech
	Provider of automatic traffic control services. The company also provides a wireless live video streaming transmission system for public and business sectors.
	['', 'automatic traffic control', ' ', 'video streaming', ' ', 'transmission system', '']
Last Second Tickets
	Provider of online ticket selling services. The company provides services that help promoters to target mobile phone users with unsold tickets for UK live events, working directly with promoters, producers and venues to secure substantial discounts and prizes, for events, gigs, festivals, clubs, theater, comedy, cinema and sports.
	['promoter ', 'ticket selling service', ' ', 'live event', '']
Floobs
	Developer of a live video streaming platform. The company supports live video streaming from web cameras and digital video cameras.
	['', 'video streaming', ' ', 'live events', ' ', 'online sharing', '']
Betterfly
	Provider of a live video learning marketplace. The company\'s platform connects individuals with teachers, instructors and experts to help users learn a new skill or improve on something they already know.
	['', 'self-improvement', ' ', 'online lessons', ' ', 'video chat', ' lessons ', 'online tutoring', '']
CFDT
	Organizer of live music events. The company organizes and promotes concerts and festivals in the U.K. and Europe.
	['', 'dance festival', ' ', 'music event', ' ', 'music competition', ' ', 'live concert', ' ', 'pop music', '']
Nevion
	Provider of routing, signal processing and optical transmission equipment for broadcasters. The company operates a large media network covering entities like AT&T, Arqiva, BBC, BT, CCTV, EBU, TDF, Telefonica, Telenor and NASA.
	['', 'optical transmission', ' routing ', 'media network', '']
Lively
	Provider of a mobile platform that allows music fans to download live recordings. The company\'s platform bring artists and fans together by capturing the live performance and encouraging people to live in the moment.
	['', 'video recording', ' ', 'live performance recording', ' ', 'music platform', ' ', 'live performance', '']
Challi Productions
	Provider of promotional services for live events. The company provides promotional services for the music and entertainment sectors.
	['', 'live music', ' ', 'entertainment businesses', ' ', 'promotional service', '']
NetPodium
	Provider of software and services for hosting live, interactive Web events. The company\'s technology and event hosting service helped companies to involve global audiences in sales training, product launches, press conferences, technical briefings and customer seminars.
	['', 'web hosting', ' ', 'sales training', ' ', 'product launch', '']
Awdio
	Provider of free listening and live audio streams from best clubs around the world. The company offers music from sources, artists, and special events. The company plans to launch a paid service offering demand listening and securities in a better encoding quality
	['', 'audio streams', ' ', 'free listening', ' ', 'encoding quality', ' clubs']
Chatfish
	Provider of technology and services for online interactive events. The company also provides infrastructure and marketing needed to power live, interactive events on the internet.
	['', 'online interactive events', ' ', 'internet software', '']
StoreVision
	Developer of POS monitoring systems. The company designs and develops software which combines live POS data with live CCTV video allowing auditors to create evidence based reports of process errors and fraudulent activity.
	['', 'evidence based reports', ' ', 'monitoring systems', ' ', 'error processing', '']
Hot Potato Media
	Provider of chat applications for live events.
	['', 'chat application', ' ', 'live event', '']
