Twisted Pair Solutions
	Provider of unified communications software services. The company offers WAVE, a Voice-over-IP software application that enables users to create interoperable communications from various combinations of systems and users, using any industry standard PCs and off the shelf network hardware and WAVE SDK, a software toolkit for developers to build interoperable communications solutions that meet specific customer needs. Its products are used in various applications, such as collaboration, communications interoperability, extending radio reach, interoperability as a service, radio integration with IP telephony and unified communications, resilient tactical networks, smartphone push-to-talk and software dispatch in defense, federal government and state and local government sectors, as well as enterprises, including air transportation, utilities and hospitality sectors in the United States and internationally.
	['', 'unified communication solution', ' ', 'software application', ' ', 'unified communication', '']
Presence Networks
	Provider of secure instant messaging services. The company also provides voice telephony services.
	['', 'added services', ' ', 'communication tools', ' ', 'business class', '']
VMX
	Designer and manufacturer of communication equipment used for business conference presentations. The Company\'s systems are assembled in the form of video displays and peripheral systems.
	['', 'communication equipment', ' ', 'video displays', ' ', 'peripheral systems', ' ', 'business conference', '']
TrixBox
	Distributor of Asterisk based software. The company is into Implementing, installing, managing and maintaining an Asterisk-based telephony system. It also provides web interface to manage and maintain PBX system.
	['', 'Asterisk based software', ' ', 'Asterisk installer', ' ', 'PBX application platform', ' ', 'manage telephony system', '']
Simpler Networks
	Manufacturer of telecommunications equipment and software. The company specializes in automated distribution frames enabling copper loop management and also offers EZ-MDF, an automated main distribution frame hardware and software, which automates the labor-intensive process of manipulating central office and street cabinet distribution frames.
	['', 'frame hardware and software', ' ', 'street cabinet', ' ', 'copper loop', ' ', 'telecommunication software', ' ', 'telecommunication equipment', ' ', 'application software', '']
Mobyson Holding
	Provider of mobile IP telephony services. The company markets telephony provisions, including hardware and software communication equipment.
	['', 'communication equipment', ' ', 'telephony service', ' ', 'hardware product', '']
Clarent
	Provider of networked internet telephony services for long distance phone calling service providers. The company enables service providers to deliver simultaneous transmission of voice, fax and data over internet protocol network.
	['VoIP ', 'communication service', ' ', 'internet telephony', '']
Whaleback Managed Services
	Provider of an internet protocol telephony service and develops phone services for small and medium sized businesses. The company provides cloud based managed services for business communications.
	['', 'internet protocol telephony', ' ', 'telephony service', ' ', 'voice technology', '']
Cloudtc
	Developer and manufacturer of android-based media phones. The company develops software for business applications and IP telephony.
	['', 'android based phone', ' ', 'IP telephony', ' ', 'business applications', ' ', 'smart phone', '']
ZIV COMMUNICATIONS DIMAT
	Developer and manufacturer of communication equipment for the electrical and switching equipment for private networks. The company aims to implement communication networks and operations to the electricity sector.
	['', 'communication equipment', ' ', 'switching equipment', ' ', 'electricity sector', ' ', 'private network', '']
