Luminate
	Provider of an Internet service that turns static images into engaging content. The company\'s platform enables consumers to mouse over images on their favorite websites to learn more and see related products.
	['', 'web publisher', ' ', 'brand advertising', ' crowdsourcing ', 'online image', ' ', 'interactive content', '']
MiNeeds
	Provider of an online marketplace for local services. The company provides a website enabling users to post service requests and receive bids from local professional service providers, such as photographers, contractors or dentists.
	['', 'productivity software', ' ', 'local professionals', ' ', 'data strategy', '']
Novas
	Provider of design comprehension solutions. The company\'s solutions enhance verification of complex Ics, embedded systems and SoCs, Novas global community serves its users, third party technology and service providers.
	['design ', 'third party', ' verification simulation']
Optical Solutions
	Provider of fiber-optic communications systems for the local access markets. The company provides optical networks for voice, video and data to service providers. The company\'s customers are facilities-based service providers including independent telephone companies, competitive and incumbent local exchange carriers, utilities, municipalities and housing developers.
	['', 'Communications Equipment', ' telecommunications ', 'communications systems', ' ', 'optical networks', '']
Threshold Networks
	Provider of internet-enabled applications to enterprises and service providers. The company\'s products provide enterprises with enhanced network and application performance and improve bandwidth efficiencies by associating acceleration and security policies between the network and the applications.
	['', 'internet enabled application', ' ', 'network applications', ' ', 'internet based applications', ' ', 'network management service', ' ', 'network management', '']
Clarent
	Provider of networked internet telephony services for long distance phone calling service providers. The company enables service providers to deliver simultaneous transmission of voice, fax and data over internet protocol network.
	['VoIP ', 'communication service', ' ', 'internet telephony', '']
NWIX
	Provider of communications infrastructure services for companies. The company offers its clients and partners such as telecommunications carriers, internet service providers (ISPs), application service providers (ASPs), content providers and systems integrators (SIs) with bandwidth.
	['', 'IT Services', '']
Nissi Media
	Provider of an internet telecommunication platform. The company provides an integrated and scalable platform to telecommunications carriers, internet service providers and other telecommunication service providers which enables them to provide their users a wide range functions.
	['', 'internet telecommunication', ' ', 'integrated platform', ' ', 'internet service', '']
CopperCom
	Provider of switching solutions for independent operating companies, competitive local exchange carriers and Internet service providers. The company makes software-based switches or softswitches and other products that enable advanced services such as voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP).
	['', 'switching solution', ' ', 'internet service providers', ' ', 'software-based switches', ' softswitches ', 'voice over internet protocol', '']
Everyone.net
	Provider of outsourced email solutions for individuals and companies. The company offers custom email services for everyone from Internet Service Providers, web hosts and web sites to businesses, organizations and individuals.
	['', 'email hosting', ' SaaS ', 'email backup', ' ', 'outsourced email solutions', '']
Simplicita Software
	Developer of security products designed for service providers that identifies, isolates and fixes zombies. The company\'s products include Simplicita ZBX, a zombie remediation system designed for service providers that automates zombie identification, containment and disinfection and Simplicita NXD, a subscriber mediation application that allows the service provider to monetize website name errors by redirecting the subscriber experience to a search landing page.
	['', 'security products', ' ', 'carrier networks', ' ', 'zombie discovery', ' phishing ', 'zombie remediation', '']
TAZZ Networks
	Developer of policy control software for broadband service providers. The company is helping service providers and telephone carriers to build TDM, Frame, ATM and IP networks .
	['', 'Policy control software', ' ', ' broadband service providers', '  TDM']
