Frontlineshop
	Provider of an online retail store for streetwear. The company offers clothing, shoes and accessories on the internet through its online store. It also offers merchandise of different brands.
	['', 'street wear', ' ', 'brand bandwidth', ' ', 'online retail store', '']
BeStylish
	Provider of an online shopping platform in India. The company provides an online shopping platform of apparel and accessories for men, women and children.
	['', 'shopping platform', ' ', 'apparel online', ' ', 'electronic retail', '']
HipSnip
	Developer of an online personal shopping Q&A platform for both mobile and desktop web. The company\'s shopping application gives shoppers a way to get shopping advice. It is added to retailer and publisher websites making it easy for people to get advice from retail experts and from a publisher\'s readership.
	['', 'personal shopping', ' ', 'shopping application', ' ', 'retail expert', '']
Wal-Mart.com
	Owner and operator of an online retail business. The company is a global online seller of consumer products such as electronics, office products, books, furniture and outdoor equipment.
	['', 'party supplies', ' ', 'video games', ' ', 'gift cards', '']
Whyred
	Manufacturer of apparel for men and women. The company also provides online shopping options for the users.
	['', 'online shopping', ' ', 'wearing apparel', '']
Start Here
	Operator of an online shopping platform. The company provides an online retail store for Australian consumers.
	['', 'online retail store', ' ', 'shopping platform', ' ', 'daily deals', '']
LiL\' Things
	Provider of children specialty retail chain. The company provides retail store services for infant\'s and children\'s toys, apparel, furniture, and accessories.
	['', 'children retail', ' ', 'specialty retail', ' ', 'retail store', ' ', 'retail services', '']
JD.com
	Operator of an online shopping platform. The company is engaged in online sales of consumer electronics, communications products and computers.
	['', 'online shopping platform', ' ', 'consumer electronic', ' ', 'communications product', '']
ActivityStream.io
	Operator of an online store. The company provides an online platform which connects e-commerce retailers with customers.
	['', 'customer activity', ' ', 'purchase decisions', ' ', 'customer satisfaction', '']
Shutl
	Operator of an online shopping delivery platform. The company connects retailers with local courier companies by enabling immediate delivery of online purchases.
	['', 'same-day delivery', ' ', 'expedited delivery', ' ', 'same-hour delivery', ' delivery']
shopforschool.com
	Operator of an online shopping platform for personal products and services. The company enables individuals to purchase products through its website and simultaneously enables them in donating funds to the school of their choice.
	['', 'online shopping', ' charity ', 'personal products and services', '']
Yardsale
	Provider of an online retail platform. The company offers a platform that enables users to list items for sale and then sell their products on other local marketplaces.
	['', 'local marketplace', ' ', 'online retail platform', ' ', 'online selling platform', '']
Kingmaker
	Provider of an online video shopping network. The company provides consumers with the information they need to learn practical skills and make educated purchases.
	['e-commerce ', 'video shopping', ' ', 'video commerce', '']
GoNabit
	Operator of online shopping platform. The company provides an e-commerce platform which connects buyers and sellers, and offers discounted products for a limited period of time.
	['', 'group buying', ' ', 'daily deals', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
