Buysight
	Provider of search engine marketing platform for display advertising. The company provides services for both brand and performance advertisers and has developed an online display advertising network called ShopperConnecta for online e-commerce shopping market.
	['', 'brand advertising', ' ', 'marketing platform', ' ', 'display advertising', '']
Dapper
	Provider of an advertising technology platform for creating dynamic display advertisements. The company provides a platform built on machine learning, intent exploration, sophisticated matching algorithms and real-time automated optimization which delivers dynamically assembled, intent-driven display ads that drive increased relevance and performance.
	['', 'advertising technology platform', ' ', 'display adverts', ' ', 'display advertising', ' ', 'advertisement platform', ' ', 'web applications', ' ', 'semantic web', '']
MCN
	Provider of mobile search and advertising technology platform. The company provides advertising services to operators and content providers which includes  MessagePlus, RichMedia Advertising and Social Media Advertising.
	['', 'mobile search', ' ', 'search platform', ' ', 'search on mobile', ' ', 'advertising application', '']
YuMe
	Provider of digital-video advertising services. The company provides digital advertising, using its proprietary software that is embedded across a wide variety of Internet-connected screens, enabling brands to unify their audiences with a single advertising campaign. The company\'s software also collects data on advertising campaigns, content context and audience, to enable decisions on best branding outcomes.
	['', 'brand advertising technology', ' ', 'digital video technology', ' ', 'advertising campaign', '']
DOCLIX
	Developer of pay-per-click advertising network. The company offers an online platform that delivers text advertisements within a controlled environment of quality content sites for advertisers as well as allows content publishers to customize the presentation of advertisements on their sites and to create new advertisement placements on under-monetized sections of each page or site.
	['', 'advertising network', ' ', 'online platform', ' ', 'quality content', ' ', 'text advertisement', '']
UUCun
	Provider of Internet based mobile advertising services. The company provides Internet based mobile advertising services for WAP sites, application developers, and advertisers
	['', 'Internet based advertisement', ' ', 'mobile advertising services', ' ', 'internet advertising platform', '']
FullSpeed
	Provider of an internet consulting and advertising service. The company provides listing advertising and search engine marketing services along with keyword selection, bid price adjusting, copywriting and other allied services.
	['', 'website rank', ' ', 'internet marketing', ' ', 'advertising spots', '']
HowMark Mobile
	Operator a mobile advertising platform for advertisers and publishers. The company provides performance marketing networks for mobile advertising campaigns.
	['', 'mobile advertising platform', ' ', 'performance marketing network', ' ', 'mobile advertising campaign', ' ', 'mobile advertising', '']
ReTargeter
	Provider of an online display advertising platform. The company offers services for brand awareness and conversions by showing banner advertisements to the audience to a site after they leave. It enables brands to focus their advertisements on everyone who has engaged with them online, whether through the Web, e-mail, mobile devices or social media.
	['', 'display advertising', ' ', 'brand awareness', ' ', 'banner advertisements', '']
Domob Network Technology
	Provider of mobile advertising service. The company operates a mobile internet advertising platform and offers in-application digital display advertising to mobile devices.
	['', 'mobile advertising platform', ' ', 'mobile advertising network', ' ', 'online mobile advertising', '']
AdGrok
	Provider of Internet advertising solutions for business owners. The company offers GrokBar, a Web-based platform that enables users to bid for keywords, compose text ads, and monitor traffic; and GrokBot, a Web spider that crawls into Websites looking for product pages and builds keyword campaigns.
	['', 'Internet advertising', ' ', 'online advertising', ' ', 'text ad', ' ', 'online traffic', ' ', 'keyword campaign', ' ', 'keyword bidding', '']
mbr targeting
	Developer of a targeting technologies for increased relevance of advertising focus and product recommendations. The company has developed an approach that can analyze and structure big data categories without having to make a Prior assumptions or use categories.
	['', 'targeting technology', ' ', 'analysis method', ' ', 'product recommendation', ' ', 'advertising focus', '']
Videoplaza
	Provider of advertising serving platform. The company provides an advertising serving platform which is used by the global client base to monetise video experiences on computers, mobile devices, tablets and televisions.
	['', 'serving platform', ' ', 'media sevice', ' ', 'advertising platform', '']
Pudding Media
	Provider of mobile advertising services. The company is focused on enabling and selling carrier-based inventories.
	['', 'advertising solution', ' ', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'voice based advertising', '']
Fast Channel Network
	Operator of an application service provider. The company provides advertising solutions that allow its customers to manage and distribute print and radio advertising campaigns online.
	['', 'application service provider', ' ', 'advertising solution', ' campaigns']
AdPortal
	Developer of advertising technology for publishers.
	['', 'advertising solution', ' advertising ', 'advertising application', '']
Webnext
	Operator of an online publisher and advertising network. The company offers networking services to publishers and advertising industry.
	['', 'advertising network', ' ', 'networking service', ' ', 'publisher web', '']
Branded Reality
	Developer of a mobile technology platform. The company provides a platform that integrates with advertising campaigns and enables brands to give free samples to consumers.
	['', 'mobile technology platform', ' ', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'integrate advertising campaign', '']
Mediaplex
	Provider of cross channel advertising technology solutions and services. The company enables marketers to achieve one to one messaging, greater efficiencies and a competitive edge through insightful reporting and analytics.
	['', 'behavioral targeting', ' advertising reporting']
AdMobius
	Provider of a mobile audience management platform. The company combines data from publishers, from advertiser networks and other aggregators and from third-party data sellers.
	['', 'mobile audience management', ' ', 'advertiser network', ' ', 'demand side platform', ' ', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'mobile data', ' ', 'mobile data aggregation', '']
Dobleas
	Operator of a mobile advertising technology company. The company offers data sources to buyers and sellers on mobile platforms. It also provides API access and DSP platform services for trading desks to fulfill their buying needs.
	['', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'data sources', ' ', 'API access', ' ', 'trading desks', ' ', 'DSP platform', '']
AdColony
	Provider of a mobile advertising platform. The company offers high-definition in-app video advertisement network featuring Instant-Play technology across smartphone and tablet publisher inventory.
	['', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'video advertisement', ' ', 'tablet publisher', '']
Pheedo
	Operator of an advertising network and ad-delivery platform. The company provides tools that enable individuals, organizations and corporations to promote, analyze and optimize advertising in their weblogs and syndicated content feeds.
	['', 'advertising network', ' ', 'ad-delivery', ' weblogs']
Channel M
	Provider of content and advertising for out-of-home video. The company produces video content that engages and entertains each demographic specific to its retail and lifestyle venues. It designs in-store and online campaigns, on-air promotions, mobile campaigns, and celebrity tie-ins.
	['', 'online campaign', ' ', 'mobile campaign', ' ', 'content provider', ' ', 'advertising provider', '']
