Smart Button Associates
	Provider of a web-based marketing platform. The company engages in rewarding and retaining their customers and patrons as well as manages successful loyalty or rewards programs.
	['', 'marketing platform', ' ', 'reward programs', ' loyalty']
GameLogic
	Developer of player loyalty and acquisition products. The company develops strategies and solutions for casino operators to enhance customer relationships and attract new players. Its products include a casino loyalty and visit acquisition system, which offers casino patrons an opportunity to play Internet games; and a tournament-based poker system for the regulated U.S. casino and lottery operators. It also develops games, promotions, and marketing interfaces to help casino operators to communicate and interact with customers when operators are away from the casino, as well as provides marketing plans and promotional programs, implementation and operations assistance, and reporting services.
	['', 'player loyalty', ' ', 'casino solution', ' ', 'game development', '']
Topguest
	Provider of geolocation services that link loyalty points programs with geo check-in applications. The company\'s solutions provide rewards program points for check-ins.
	['', 'loyalty point program', ' geolocation']
Steam Republic
	Provider of fan relationship management services. The company provides an online platform through which fans can connect with their favorite bands, athletes, celebs and artists, those who have a fan following can start a direct conversation with their fans, increase fan loyalty and analyze the tribe.
	['', 'fan relationship management', ' fans ', 'fan loyalty', ' ', 'loyalty builder', ' ', 'fan engagement', ' ', 'fan relationship', ' direct-2-fan']
WPL Group
	Provider of a shopping-loyalty program.The company rewards engaged couples for their spending as they shop for their wedding day, as well as points generated in their name by their family and friends. The couple then redeems their points for a variety of products, including appliances, televisions and honeymoon travel.
	['', 'loyalty program', ' ', 'wedding merchandise', ' ', 'reward program', ' wedding ', 'newly engaged couple', '']
GetOne Rewards
	Developer of software and mobile applications for retail sectors. The company develops software and mobile applications for retail establishments wanting to digitize their traditional loyalty, communications and marketing systems and integrates them into one platform.
	['', 'custom development', ' ', 'digital loyalty program', ' ', 'digitalize loyalty card', ' ', 'targeted mobile marketing', '']
Noknoker
	Provider of consumer-facing loyalty platform and a merchant-facing marketing machine. The company offers customer loyalty digital and plastic cards that enable customers to earn rewards each time they buy from retail stores.
	['', 'plastic card', ' ', 'marketing machine', ' ', 'online platform software', '']
Punchd
	Provider of digital loyalty card services. The company provides a replacement for the buy-10-get-1-free cards with a mobile loyalty system.
	['loyalty cards smart-phones']
Advice Wallet
	Developer of a mobile loyalty program. The company\'s networking platform allows local businesses to create a customized acquisition and loyalty program online in minutes. It also provides an application that lets restaurant/bar customers order, settle the tab and tip from their phone.
	['', 'loyalty program', ' ', 'sale drive', ' ', 'social connection', '']
Ntera
	Developer of printable electrochemical materials. The company\'s electrochemical assemblies and technologies enables display and color change applications for smart cards, smart packaging, and smart objects. The company also provides electronic displays using industry printing techniques and equipment.
	['', 'B2C Services', ' ', 'B2B Services', ' ', 'consumer durables', '']
