Gazoontite
	Provider of household products. The company provides products that help reduce asthma problems, allergies and respiratory problems. The company\'s products include anti-allergen and hypoallergenic bedding, air purifiers, vacuum cleaners, bath and beauty products, toys, dust control products, odor control products and asthma management products.
	['', 'household products', ' hypoallergenic ', 'cleaning product', '']
Distributions Marc Boivin
	Supplier of meat products. The company distributes meat products for supermarkets.
	['', 'meat products', ' ', 'meat supplier', ' sausage beef salami']
ShockWatch (Equipment Monitoring Division)
	Manufacturer of damage prevention products. The company develops equipment monitoring products to prevent damage.
	['', 'damage prevention product', ' ', 'monitoring equipment', ' ', 'prevention equipment', '']
Outinens Potatis
	Provider of potato products. The company provides pre-cooked and related potato products that are grown with minimal pesticide usage.
	['potatoes ', 'clean food', ' ', 'potato production', '']
OculusAI
	Provider of image validation services. The company develops software for automatic face detection and face recognition in images and video.
	['', 'image verification', ' ', 'image validation', ' ', 'image software', ' ', 'Vertical Market Software', ' image']
Absorbent Technologies
	Developer of a super-absorbent seed coating technology for enhancing plant growth. The company develops and manufactures starch-based superabsorbent products that help crop producers enhance performance and durability, improve produce quality and marketability, improve plant growth consistency, increase yields and reduce input costs.
	['agriculture ', 'super-absorbent seeds', ' ', 'crop producers', '']
New Index
	Developer of electronic whiteboard technology. The company is the creator of an interactive electronic whiteboard, which can be created instantaneously on any surface. The equipment includes a pen with a small camera chip, which presenters can use to virtually write and draw on the screen, or directly on any wall, with electronic "ink" supported by the projector. The company\'s technology utilizes pattern recognition and identification of special optical patterns made by the pen.
	['', 'AV industries', ' ', 'electronic whiteboards', ' ', 'optical pen', ' whiteboards ', 'audio and video', '']
Adaptive Solutions
	Manufacturer of pattern recognition computing products. The company develops and manufactures image processing and recognition products and neurocomputing products.
	['', 'neurocomputing product', ' ', 'image processing', ' ', 'computing products', '']
FaceTags
	Provider of facial recognition system. The company provides facial recognition to turn faces in photos and videos into qualified leads and compliance tracking. The company uses facial recognition  for advanced customer segmentation and lead scoring.
	['', 'facial recognition', ' ', 'lead generation', '']
LTU Technologies
	Provider of scalable image recognition software. The company provides a software for content-based search, retrieval and classification of images and video.
	['', 'scalable image', ' ', 'image recognition', ' ', 'image classification', '']
OmniPerception
	Provider of technology for the recognition of objects and people of customer applications. The company offers supplier of computer vision capabilities, facial biometrics and image processing.
	['', 'face recognition', ' ', 'computer vision', ' ', 'facial biometric', ' ', 'object recognition', '']
Orbeus
	Provider of a computer visual recognition engine. The company offers a software that enables computers to perform face detection and recognition, logo and product recognition, optical character recognition and scene understanding.
	['', 'visual recognition', ' ', 'face detection', ' ', 'face recognition', ' ', 'optical character recognition', ' ', 'cloud image analysis', '']
