Advanced DX
	Provider of testing equipment and personnel for diagnosis of clinical conditions including diabetic retinopathy, neuropathies and peripheral vascular disease. The company gives primary care physicians the ability to diagnose these conditions so they can keep patients in house and generate revenue from diagnostic procedures.
	['', 'testing equipment', ' ', 'testing personnel', ' ', 'primary care', '']
SensiVida Medical Technologies
	Developer and provider of minimally invasive diagnostic devices and technologies. The company develops and provides digital diagnostic devices with microsystems-based technology that automates bio-sensing and data acquisition. The Company\'s optical-digital platform technology addresses allergy testing, pain-free automated glucose monitoring, blood coagulation testing, TB testing and cholesterol monitoring.
	['', 'minimally invasive', ' ', 'microsystems-based technology', ' ', 'bio-sensing', '']
Homestead Clinical
	Developer of diagnostic and prognostic tools. The company was founded to commercialize a suite of technologies developed at the Institute for Systems Biology (ISB) that have broad utility in the development of novel diagnostic tools.
	['', 'diagnostic tool', ' ', 'prognostic tool', ' ', 'novel diagnostic tool', '']
Venture Alliance
	Provider of seed capital and start-up executive management to commercialize technologies developed at national laboratories and other research institutions. The company has provided investments for the development of medical diagnostic devices, predictive maintenance hardware/software, restaurant software and electroless nickel plating technology.
	['', 'seed capital', ' ', 'start-up finance', ' ', 'commercialize technology', ' investment']
Biex
	Developer of maternity management products. The company diagnostic tests to identify the potential for premature deliveries in pregnant women.
	['maternity ', 'diagnostic test', ' ', 'hormone estriol', '']
C2Cure
	Manufacturer of cameras used for diagnosis and surgery purposes. The company develops disposable miniature viewing and operational devices for an array of heatlhcare markets, including diagnostic, endoscopic, imaging, and surgical.
	['', 'operational device', ' ', 'cardiac surgery', ' ', 'miniature device', ' ', 'surgery camera', ' ', 'surgical device', '']
Genosis
	Developer of home use diagnostic devices to assess fertility in couples of childbearing age. The company\'s product- Fertell, is available over the counter in the UK and the US and provides couples with the tools required to assess their fertility in the privacy of their homes.
	['', 'Fertility test', ' ', 'vitro diagnostic', ' ', 'reproductive disorder', '']
GeneOhm Sciences
	Developer of nucleic acid-based diagnostic services. The company offers methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) Assay, an in vitro diagnostic test for the direct detection of MRSA from a nasal specimen; StrepB Assay, an in vitro diagnostic test for the detection of Group B Streptococcus in pregnant women at the time of delivery or at any other stage of their pregnancy and Lysis Kit for the lysis of cells and spores from various sample types.
	['', 'microbiology specimen processing', ' ', 'molecular diagnostic', ' ', 'MRSA Assay', '']
Sirigen
	Developer of novel polymeric materials for the life-science and diagnostic industries. The company is the developer of light-harvesting polymeric materials, which offer high sensitivity flourescence (HSF) detection, with applications for drug testing, optimized detection techniques and developing next-generation diagnostic tools.
	['', 'light harvesting', ' polymers flourescent']
20/10 Perfect Vision
	Developer of femtosecond and excimer laser technologies for refractive and cataract surgeons. The company’s products include excimer workstations for laser surgery, femtosecond workstations, diagnostic workstations and ZYOPTIX XP, a microkeratome system that allows surgeons to perform stromal and epithelial flaps.
	['', 'laser surgery', ' ', 'diagnostic workstations', ' ', 'microkeratome system', ' ', 'epithelial flaps', ' cataract']
VasoLux MicroSystems
	Developer of optically based diagnostic devices for surgical and diagnostic procedures. The company\'s diagnostic imaging system helps surgeons to identify later-stage osteoarthritis patients.
	['', 'Optical diagnostic device', ' ', 'imaging system', ' ', 'medical device', '']
