Prodika
	Provider of software and services for product lifecycle management. The company provides CSS, a solution for Internet-based content synchronization and syndication with distributed enterprise systems, trading partners, and industry exchanges that automates the task of distributing product intelligence. It offers infrastructure, business processes, product design tools, and performance management reporting for companies that design and manufacture products based on recipes, formulation, and processing.
	['', 'product life-cycle management', ' ', 'Internet-based content synchronization', ' ', 'performance management application', ' ', 'business process management', '']
Cezanne HR
	Developer of an online human resources software system and talent management services. The company offers Cezanne OnDemand which is an online HR software to streamline HR administration, cut costs and engage with employees. It enables automatic updates, pay-per-use pricing and similar features to keep a track of people, absence and performance management.
	['', 'HR system', ' ', 'talent management', ' ', 'performance management', '']
Mirror42
	Provider of information technology performance management services. The company provides a platform for customers to collect information from multiple IT management applications, analyze key performance indicators and metric trends.
	['', 'performance management', ' ', 'performance indicator', ' ', 'metric trend', '']
Jive Software
	Jive Software Inc provides communication and collaboration solutions for business. The Company sell its products through a direct sales force, both domestically and internationally.
	['', 'social business software', ' ', 'social software', ' ', 'business software', '']
OutlookSoft
	Provider of performance management solution. The company\'s flagship solution, OutlookSoft 5, provides a single performance management platform for strategic planning, budgeting, forecasting, statutory consolidation, reporting, analysis, predictive analytics, scorecarding, and dashboards. It also delivers related consulting, training, implementation, and ongoing product/client support services.
	['', 'performance management solution', ' ', 'flagship solution', ' ', 'performance management platform', '']
2Catalyze
	Provider of social performance management platform. The company offers personal feedback, decision support, customer engagement, rapid peer reviews, team feedback, quick pulse, integration, consulting, live support, analytics, configuration tools and team activation services. It serves employees, consultants, managers, executives and educators, as well as teams, companies and academic/non-profits.
	['', 'performance management', ' ', 'employee feedback', ' ', 'employee review', ' ', 'employee benchmarking', '']
Cartesis
	Provider of Business Performance Management (BPM) software. The company provides solutions in the field of financial consolidation and reporting, planning, budgeting and forecasting, management reporting and analysis and comprehensive business performance management.
	['', 'business software', ' ', 'financial software', ' ', 'information delivery', ' ', 'performance management', '']
Descant
	Provider of tools to quantify and benchmark the performance of companies using financial and market metrics. The company creates web application that makes it easy for businesses to manage and access financing and credit from a position of strength.
	['', 'performance benchmarking', ' ', 'financial analysis', ' ', 'performance measurement tool', '']
Business & Decision
	Provider of business intelligence and enterprise performance management services. The company offers RightDelivery Model which helps its clients to leverage its on-shore, near-shore and offshore service centers. They also provide customer relationship management services that help companies manage their customer data and standardize the processes that use this data. They also offer e-business activities like 24/7 online managed services, application hosting and outsourcing in various fields, including e-commerce, e-administration, and e-communication.
	['', 'business intelligence', ' ', 'enterprise performance management', ' ', 'performance management service', ' e-commerce e-business e-communication ', 'application hosting', '']
Workiva
	Provider of a cloud based software for external financial reporting to meet SEC reporting requirements. The company provides a software that streamlines the manual process to draft and file Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) reports including XBRL reporting process. It integrates word processing and spreadsheet functionality, EDGAR HTML conversion and XBRL mapping and tagging into a fully-integrated, end-to-end solution that helps SEC reporting teams meet reporting requirements for a range of regulatory filings.
	['', 'financial reporting', ' ', 'regulatory filing mapping', ' ', 'cloud software', '']
Balanced Insight
	Provider of business intelligence and information management software and services. The company develops an enterprise software platform that assists customers in establishing a cost-effective platform for delivering enterprise business intelligence and performance management services.
	['', 'cost effective platform', ' ', 'project budgets', ' ', 'performance management', '']
WorkSimple
	Provider of on demand enterprise messaging platform. The company provides an online goal communication and performance management solution that helps small and medium businesses to create an engaging and collaborative work environment. Its goal management platform for employees includes real-time goal management, 360-degree performance reviews, real-time commitment management, recognition, informal learning, workgroups, and employee profiles.
	['', 'messaging platform', ' ', 'online goal communication', ' ', 'performance management', ' ', 'management solution', ' ', 'management platform', ' ', 'employee profile', '']
Exony
	Provider of customer interaction performance management and optimization to enterprises and service providers internationally. The company offers VIM Performance, an integrated platform to drive productivity across various aspects of virtualized customer contact. It’s VIM Performance includes VIM Analytics, a single platform for day-to-day self-serve operational reporting and OLAP-based analytics to measure contact center performance, VIM Performance Management, which offers a closed loop performance management and process automation capability, VIM Resource Management, an application that allows business users to enhance the VCC’s performance without third-party training or assistance, VIM Service Management, which allows supervisors to change specific agent resources, VIM Mediator, which delivers deeper insight into business data by bringing together fact data from various data sources to enable sophisticated analytical reporting and VIM Virtualization Framework, which brings together distributed operations, management, infrastructure components and resource layers to provide scalability, security and collaboration required by distributed contact operations. It also provides insight, implementation, knowledge and support services.
	['', 'performance management', ' ', 'customer interaction', ' ', 'customer performance optimization', '']
BugSense
	Provider of software to assess mobile-application performance. The company\'s software analyzes metrics each month across multiple platforms, generating performance reports designed to help developers identify issues and create better app customer experiences.
	['', 'quality standard', ' ', 'performance report', ' ', 'application performance', '']
NetQoS
	Developer of network performance management software and services for application delivery across IT networks. The company\'s products include NetQoS Performance Center, SuperAgent, ReporterAnalyzer, NetVoyant, Allocate, and GigaStor, which help IT organizations optimize their network infrastructure to deliver services to end users.
	['', 'network performance management', ' ', 'Information Technology', ' ', 'delivery management solution', '']
InGrid Solutions
	Provider of software for residential heating, ventilation and air conditioning contractors. The company streamlines day-to-day business processes of construction trade contractors, allowing them to digitize records, report on business performance and improve customer service through cloud software.
	['', 'residential heating', ' ', 'business processes', ' ', 'cloud software', ' ', 'record digitalization', '']
