Hamilton Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of medical treatments for diseases related to central nervous system. The company engages in the development of late-stage products for neurology and psychiatry.
	['', 'medical treatment', ' ', 'medical product', ' ', 'psychiatric disease', '']
Angiotech Pharmaceuticals
	Angiotech Pharmaceuticals Inc is a pharmaceutical and medical device company that develops, manufactures and markets medical device products and technologies, primarily within the areas of interventional oncology, wound closure and ophthalmology. The Company currently operates in two segments: Medical Device Technologies and Licensed Technologies. Its Medical Device Technologies segment generates the majority of its revenue, develops, manufactures and markets a wide range of single use medical device products, as well as precision manufactured medical device components. These products and components are sold directly to hospitals, clinics, physicians and other end users, as well as to medical products distributors or other third-party medical device manufacturers. Its Licensed Technologies segment includes certain of its legacy technologies for which research and development activities have been concluded. This segment generates additional revenue in the form of royalties received from partners who have licensed and utilize these technologies in their medical device product lines. The Medical Device Technologies segment manufactures and markets single-use specialty medical device products and medical device components. These products are sold directly to end users or other third-party medical device manufacturers. This segment contains significant manufacturing capabilities as well as specialized direct and indirect sales and distribution capabilities. Many of its medical products are made using proprietary manufacturing processes and may be protected by its patent portfolio or proprietary know-how. Its significant product groups within this business segment include Interventional Oncology, Wound Closure, Ophthalmology and Medical Device Components. The Licensed Technologies segment includes certain of its legacy technologies for which research and development activities have been concluded. This segment generates additional revenue in the form of royalties received from partners who have licensed and utilize these technologies in their medical device product lines. Its principal revenues in this segment to date have been royalties derived from sales by its partner BSC of TAXUS paclitaxel-eluting coronary stents for the treatment of coronary artery disease. The Company markets and sells various medical device products through a group of specialized sales organizations that consist of direct sales and marketing personnel, which in some cases are supplemented by independent sales representatives and independent medical products distributors, depending on the product category, customer base or geographic location. The research and development, manufacturing, labeling, advertising, sale, marketing and third-party reimbursement of its medical device products and those of the Company\'s suppliers, customers and partners are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, and comparable regulatory agencies in state and local jurisdictions and in foreign countries. The Company faces competition from companies marketing, selling and developing medical device or other medical technologies that target the same diseases, clinical indications, customers or markets that its technologies target, as well as competition from other manufacturers of medical device components who sell to similar third party medical device manufacturers, including to some of its current customers.
	['', 'medical product', ' ', 'pharmaceutical drug', ' ', 'health care', '']
LumeRx
	Developer and provider of a cure for peptic ulcer disease that uses visible light. The Company is a development stage medical device company which is developing a  technology for light-based therapies to treat diseases caused by bacterial and other pathogenic infections, including a single-treatment endoscopic therapy for peptic ulcer disease.
	['', 'medical device', ' ', 'peptic ulcer disease', ' ', 'medical technology', ' Electromedical Electrotherapeutic']
Refractec
	Provider of ophthalmic medical device. The company develops proprietary technology that would help baby boomers improve their near vision.
	['', 'Healthcare services', '']
Pillkey Productions
	Creator of a medication-management device. The company\'s device provides provides users with information about the medication they are taking, as well as scheduling when they should take it.
	['', 'pill scheduler', ' ', 'medication managing', ' ', 'pill information', ' ', 'medical services', '']
Service Vortex
	Developer of software products designed to improve a manufacturer\'s ability to support its products in the field. The company develops software products, both custom and standard, that help make service operations efficient. The company focuses on the medical device, medical equipment and laboratory equipment markets.
	['', 'software product', ' ', 'service operation', ' ', 'laboratory equipment market', ' ', 'electronic parts catalogues', '']
Icon Interventional Systems
	Operator of a cardiovascular medical device company. The company offers Nuloy stent system that provides deliverability to tortuous and distal lesions. The company also provides Biosorb that offers a transformational solution to the permanency of traditional metallic implants.
	['Cardiovascular ', 'metallic implants', ' ', 'transformational solutions', '']
Collplant
	Produces recombinant human collagen from tobacco plants. The company produces sells collagen-based products in medical devices, cosmetics and pharmaceutical products.
	['', 'medical device', ' ', 'collagen pharmaceutical product', ' cosmetic']
Medical Device Innovations
	Developer of single use medical devices for therapeutic or interventional use. The company identifies, evaluates, acquires and develops medical device technologies. It focuses on medical device development.
	['', 'healthcare service', ' ', 'therapeutic device', ' ', 'healthcare supplies', '']
TriVirix International
	Manufacturer of electronic and electromechanical medical device. The company manufactures elector-mechanical systems and biotech equipment.
	['', 'electromechanical medical device', ' ', 'biotech equipment', ' ', 'therapautic devices', ' ', 'diagnostic devices', ' ', 'surgical equipments', ' ', 'monitoring equipment', '']
Raland Technologies
	Provider of regulatory consulting, training, and integration services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, medical device, and energy industry. The company\'s software, LogIt! is an integrated system that allows users throughout the facility to enter equipment recordings and then store them securely, eliminating the need for paper-based logbook creation, data entry, review, and storage. The company also offers LearnLink which is a dynamic portal for delivering content like e-learning courses, videos and technical documentation to employees, customers, and prospects.
	['', 'Regulatory Consulting', ' ', 'Learning Solution', ' ', 'medical device', ' ', 'specialized training', '']
Nanogram Devices
	Developer of products for nanomaterial based power sources for medical device applications.
	['', 'medical device application', ' ', 'biomedical application', ' ', 'cardiac therapy', ' nanomaterial']
InnoLap Surgical
	Operator of a medical device company developing a microlaparoscopy platform for scarless laparoscopic procedures. The company\'s device reduces incision diameter, enabling surgeons the ability to perform scarless laparoscopic surgeries.
	['microlaparoscopy ', 'scarless laproscopy', ' incision']
Harman International Industries
	Harman International Industries Inc was incorporated in 1980. The Company is engaged in the design and engineering of connected products and solutions for automakers, consumers and enterprises, including audio systems, visual products, enterprise automation solutions and connected services. Its manufacturing facilities are located in North America, Europe, Asia and South America. Its manufacturing facilities for its Infotainment segment are located in Hungary, Mexico, China, India, Brazil and the U.S. These facilities are used to manufacture infotainment systems. Its manufacturing facilities for its Lifestyle segment are located in Hungary, Mexico, China, India and the U.S. These facilities are used to manufacture its car audio systems. In North America, its principal Professional segment\'s manufacturing facilities are located in Mexico for loudspeakers, in Indiana for electronic products including amplifiers and effects devices, and in Washington for video and control products. Its Professional segment\'s electronics manufacturing in Europe includes mixing consoles in the United Kingdom, lighting solutions in Denmark and microphones and headphones in Austria. Its Professional segment\'s electronics manufacturing in Brazil includes electronic loudspeakers, amplifiers and other components. Its Professional segment\'s manufacturing in China includes audio electronics and loudspeakers. It sells its infotainment systems directly to automobile manufacturers in the U.S., Europe, Japan, South Korea, China and India, where it is installed as original equipment. It sells its Lifestyle car audio systems directly to automobile manufacturers in the U.S., Europe, India, Japan, China and South Korea. It sells its audio products to dealers via manufacturer\'s representatives. Services segment is a provider of product engineering outsourcing services with software development and market analytics services groups located in India, Russia and the Ukraine. It has 2,281 trademark registrations and 360 pending trademark applications. The Company is subject to various Federal, state, local and international environmental laws and regulations, including those governing the use, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials and, increasingly, the recycling of its products and their packaging.
	['', 'audio products', ' ', 'electronic systems', ' ', 'consumer durables', '']
IBAH
	Provider of complete range of development services to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries. The company\'s services are designed to help clients accelerate products from discovery through development more efficiently and cost- effectively.
	['', 'development services', ' ', 'medical device', '']
Vortex Medical
	Vortex Medical Inc. is a medical device company focused on the design, development, and commercialization of novel endomechanical devices for the endovascular market. The company develops medical devices for the removal of thrombus or blood clots, from occluded blood vessels.
	['', 'endomechanical device', ' ', 'medical device', ' ', 'endovascular market', ' ', 'blood clot removal', '']
Sigolis
	Developer of microsystem technology. The company develops components in polymer by first producing the parts in original through different methods for sculpting silicon and glass wafers.
	['', 'microsystem technology', ' microfabrication ', 'medical device', '']
Oxford Labs
	Manufacturer of disposable medical products.
	['', 'medical product', ' ', 'disposable product', '']
Drops
	Operator of a medical device company. The company supplies medical products for the treatment of renal function.
	['', 'medical care', ' ', 'renal perfusion', ' ', 'nuclear medicine', '']
PreferredTime
	Operator of a sales representative coordination company. The company coordinates interactions between medical offices and pharmaceutical representatives by serving medical offices and pharmaceutical firms.
	['', 'coordination company', ' ', 'commercial service', '']
Heartscape Technologies
	Developer and marketer of medical devices. The company offers PRIME ECG System, a medical device designed for the diagnosis of heart attacks and ischemia.
	['', 'medical device', ' ', 'heart attack', ' ', 'chest pain', ' ischemia']
Genus Medical
	Manufacturer of the medical devices for the home care and  . The company manufactures, designs and distribute the medical device and product for home use.
	['', 'medical distribution', ' ', 'medical care', ' rehabilitation']
POP Medical Solutions
	Operator of a medical device company. The company engages in providing a device which is used in pelvic organ prolapse repairing.
	['', 'pelvic organ', ' ', 'pelvic floor muscles', ' ', 'internal organs', ' urinary']
