Sepro Telecom International
	Developer and provider of rating and billing software. The company develops rating and billing software for telecommunications and electronic commerce industries.
	['', 'billing software', ' ', 'electronic commerce', ' rating']
Danyl
	Manufacturer of electronic data collection which input to computerized accounting systems. The company also produces self-service electronic transaction systems with magnetic stripe cards.
	['', 'electronic data collection', ' ', 'electronic transaction', ' ', 'magnetic stripe card', '']
CheckFree
	Provider of electronic commerce services. The company provides electronic billing and electronic statement creation, delivery, payment services and also offers electronic commerce, software and investment services.
	['', 'e-billing', ' ', 'e-commerce', '']
NetBuy
	Provider of e-commerce purchasing services. The company provides services for OEMs, contract manufacturers and electronic manufacturing services whose real-time requirements for electronic components typically include small order, shortage and quick-turn manufacturing.
	['', 'electronic components', ' ', 'purchasing service', ' ', 'contract manufacturers', ' ', 'online purchasing', ' ', 'internet retail', '']
Alpha Mos
	Manufacturer and developer of electronic sensing instruments for analyzing the chemical and sensory properties of products. The company\'s electronic noses measure volatile organic compounds (VOC) and odors, electronic tongues analyze the taste of products, vision analyzers evaluate the color and shape and Gas chromatographs analyze the chemical composition of products and coupled with the odor analysis module, can further qualify odor-related compounds.
	['', 'electronic sensing instrument', ' ', 'electronic nose', ' ', 'electronic equipment', '']
TeleKnowledge Group
	Provider of e-commerce services offering customer care and electronic billing. The company provides content commerce platform for fee based services such as customer service and billing applications.
	['', 'revenue growth', ' billing ', 'electronic billing', '']
VARStreet
	Provider of specialized e-commerce services. The company offers E-Commerce Platform features several modules that include E-Commerce, Quoting, Sourcing, and Marketing.
	['', 'e commerce platform', '']
ShopIgniter
	Provider of electronic commerce software services. The company\'s social performance marketing platform enables digital marketing leaders to reach and convert their social mobile consumers.
	['', 'internet retail', ' ', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'software service', '']
Canesta
	Provider of electronic perception technology. The company’s technology enables electronic devices, including video games, computers, industrial and medical electronics devices, automobiles or other vehicles, and factory automation equipment to perceive and react to objects or individuals in real time.
	['', 'electronic perception', ' robotics ', 'security application', '']
Ciashop
	Provider of e-commerce software services. The company provides services for electronic commerce in the form of SaaS (Software as a Service). It offers SaaS virtual store, hosting, infrastructure and payments gateway services.
	['', 'e-commerce software', ' ', 'virtual store', ' ', 'innovative technology', '']
ShopLocket
	Provider of electronic commerce platform. The company allows users to create single-item storefronts they can embed on any website.
	['', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'link sharing', ' ', 'video embedding', ' ', 'online sale', ' ', 'ecommerce platform', '']
Fiserv
	Provider of information management and electronic commerce systems and services. The company\'s services include transaction processing, electronic bill payment and presentment, business process outsourcing, document distribution services and software development.
	['', 'information management', ' ', 'electronic commerce systems', ' ', 'transaction processing', '']
Mixcommerce
	Provider of e-commerce services for brands. The company focuses on the creation and production of websites for customers and the management of online sales.
	['e-commerce ', 'online sales', ' ', 'online sales', ' e-marketing merchandising']
Securant Technologies
	Developer of software solutions that provide a solid, integrated security infrastructure for electronic commerce. The company\'s software enables companies to easily manage a cohesive security policy required when deploying secure electronic commerce applications on the Web or across an Enterprise.
	['eBusiness ', 'security software', ' ', 'electronic commerce', '']
New Index
	Developer of electronic whiteboard technology. The company is the creator of an interactive electronic whiteboard, which can be created instantaneously on any surface. The equipment includes a pen with a small camera chip, which presenters can use to virtually write and draw on the screen, or directly on any wall, with electronic "ink" supported by the projector. The company\'s technology utilizes pattern recognition and identification of special optical patterns made by the pen.
	['', 'AV industries', ' ', 'electronic whiteboards', ' ', 'optical pen', ' whiteboards ', 'audio and video', '']
PatientStream
	Provider of an electronic patient tracking system for hospitals. The company provides a cloud-based healthcare operations decision support and communication automation technologies for patients and hospital staff.
	['', 'electronic whiteboard', ' ', 'multilingual whiteboard', ' ', 'healthcare operations', ' ', 'patient tracking', ' ', 'healthcare system', '']
Probity Medical Transcription
	Provider of clinical documentation services and integrated technologies to healthcare providers. It provides electronic medical transcription and document management services to the health care industry.
	['', 'clinical documentation', ' ', 'healthcare integrated technology', ' ', 'electronic medical transcription', ' ', 'document management', '']
CoFluent Design
	Provider of electronic system level design tools for modelling and simulating systems. The company offers an integrated electronic system-level modeling and simulation environment that operates as a graphical modeler for capturing the system\'s behavior and execution platform.
	['', 'simulating system', ' ', 'electronic system', ' ', 'graphical modeler', ' simulation']
ThorpeGlen
	Provider of electronic surveillance services. The company provides monitoring and tracking systems, data extraction and analytical services for law enforcement agencies.
	['', 'proactive monitoring', ' ', 'data extraction', ' ', 'homeland security', ' ', 'organized crime', ' faruds']
EC Cubed
	Provider of the application components for the business-to-business electronic commerce marketplace. The company provides the cross-application components platform that allow organizations to build electronic-commerce applications.
	['', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'cross-application', ' ', 'electronic commerce', '']
BusinessThreads
	Provider of E-Commerce software. The company provides a software platform that helps companies set up electronic marketplaces in which buyers and sellers can meet and carry out their business activities.
	['marketplace ', 'software platform', '  E-Commerce']
KOR Electronics
	Provider of military electronics equipment and system solutions. The company offers digital radiofrequency memories; radar environment simulators; electronic countermeasure target simulators; and electronic warfare simulators, which serve mission critical operational requirements, as well as laboratory simulation, testing, and training needs.
	['', 'military electronics', ' ', 'digital radiofrequency', ' ', 'radar environment simulator', '']
Tradecom Soluções Empresariais de Comércio Electrónico
	Provider of electronic commerce services. The company offers an platform for business-to-business electronic commerce services to enterprises in Portugal.
	['', 'B2b services', ' ', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'business-to-business e-commerce', '']
Transactiv
	Provider of an on demand commerce services for mid market companies. The company provides tools that allow companies to engage and manage both indirect and direct channels and deliver commerce capabilities and analytics across websites, micro-sites, Facebook, eBay, Amazon and any mobile client.
	['', 'online commerce', ' ', 'on-demand commerce', ' ', 'commerce analytics', '']
