Mine
	Provider of an ownership directory that connects people and the items they buy to create personalized networks of product discovery. The company enables its users to create, control, update and share information on their purchases.
	['', 'product discovery', ' ', 'purchase information', ' ', 'information sharing', ' ', 'product search', ' ', 'product directory', '']
Groxis
	Developer of visual search technology and graphical information interface solutions. The company develops and markets Grokker, a Web-based enterprise search management platform that leverages federated content access and visualization for enterprises, universities, content publishers, libraries, and other research-intensive organizations.
	['', 'visual search', ' ', 'search management', ' ', 'graphical information', '']
Vivisimo
	Provider of enterprise search software solutions to OEM and reseller markets. The companies search solutions are used on corporate and governmental Web sites, enterprise intranets and departments, and in government intelligence agencies.
	['', 'search software', ' ', 'reseller market', ' ', 'search solution', ' ', 'information management', ' ', 'security management', ' ', 'navigation software', '']
Eurekster
	Provider of social search software services and technologies. The company\'s search portal and widget harness the knowledge and behavior of online communities to improve the search experience and creating online assets for Web publishers, infopreneurs and advertising inventory for marketers.
	['', 'social search software', ' ', 'online community', ' ', 'customized search', '']
Accelerator Sciences
	Provider of a search platform for entire suite of science resources. The company offers a search gateway which includes research & development results, project descriptions and accomplishments.
	['', 'search platform', ' ', 'search gateway', ' ', 'science information', '']
Vizibility
	Developer of SearchMe (TM) button for Google which instantly returns the search results. The company provides one click people search services for career professionals. It also offers PreSearch Wizard, a process to design and manage custom search result on Google and generate personal SearchMe button.
	['', 'web service', ' ', 'custom search', ' ', 'people search', ' ', 'online identity management', '']
GrandCentral
	Provider of phone management services. The company developed a service that allows users to use one phone number for all of their phones.
	['', 'online service', ' ', 'online search service', '']
Kabukiman
	Provider of online information about restaurants. The company allows users to search for names, places, type of cuisine and look for a suitable restaurant in Germany.
	['', 'restaurant information', ' ', 'search function', ' ', 'online search', '']
Peryskop.pl
	Provider of an online search engine. The company provides semantic search engine for products and product\'s reviews in Polish and English.
	['', 'online search', ' ', 'online product search', ' ', 'semantic search engine', '']
Fluidinfo
	Provider of online information storage and search platform. The company enables content owners to publish product information through a writable application programmer interface (API) with permissions and developers to create applications that make data social.
	['', 'information storage', ' ', 'online search', ' ', 'social data', '']
411
	Provider of an online search engine in Canada. The company provides search platform for user to locate whatever contact he whats to get in Canada.
	['', 'online search engine', ' ', 'search platform', ' ', 'database platform', '']
Evi Technologies
	Provider of voice recognition application. The company also develops internet answer engine where users can access the information from the database of facts.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'online search', ' ', 'search technology', ' ', 'voice recognition application', '']
CoFoundersLab
	Provider of an online Co-Founder matching site. The company helps entrepreneurs launch new businesses.
	['', 'co-founder search', ' ', 'entrepreneur search', ' ', 'online entrepreneur hunt', ' ', 'social content', '']
Plasmyd
	Creator of an online community for researchers. The company provides a platform for peer review and discussion of research papers.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'scientific search', ' ', 'papers online', '']
TalentSpring
	Provider of software as a service-based automated candidate sourcing services and solutions for recruiters and human resources professionals in the recruiter industry. The company enables recruiters and hiring managers to find resumes for passive and active candidates on social networking sites, job boards, and corporate application tracking systems utilizing semantic-search technology and a revolutionary resume-ranking algorithm.
	['', 'resume search engine', ' ', 'candidate sourcing service', ' ', 'recruitment solutionl', '']
