Biocistronix
	Provider of drug discovery and medical research and development services. The company also engages in development of latest diagnostic techniques for various ailments.
	['', 'medicine discovery', ' ', 'medical research', ' ', 'diagnostic techniques', '']
ImmunoTheragnostics Incorporated
	Developer of therapeutic and prognostic equipments. The company engages in research, development and commercialization of exosome-based clinical diagnostic arrays for women\'s health as well as for cardiovascular diseases and cancer.
	['', 'prognostic equipment', ' ', 'diagnostic assays', ' ', 'cancer prevention', ' ', 'response monitoring', '']
Diatos
	Operator of a bio-pharmaceutical company that develops anti-cancer therapies based on cellular-delivery and drug-targeting technologies. The company engages in the  research, development and marketing of anti-cancer chemotherapeutic drugs.
	['', 'chemotherapeutic drugs', ' ', 'human therapies', ' bio-pharmaceutical ', 'anti-cancer therapies', '']
Qronus Interactive Israel
	Provider of automated system testing software products. The company provides automated system testing tools for complex software and hardware configurations with embedded processors. It engages in the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of automated software quality products for non-standard platforms, embedded systems and real time computer systems. The company was spun out of Mercury Interactive.
	['', 'software testing', ' ', 'testing tools', ' ', 'testing solution', '']
Okapi Sciences
	Developer of drugs to treat viral infections for both pets and livestock. The company engages itself in the research, development, promotion and marketing of anti-viral drugs for veterinary applications.
	['', 'viral infection', ' livestock ', 'veterinary application', '']
Majestic Research
	Provider of data-driven equity research services. The company serves airlines, auto retail, casino, consumer technology, cruise lines, ecommerce, financial exchanges, homebuilders, and healthcare industries.
	['', 'equity research', ' ', 'financial research', ' ', 'market insight', '']
Compass Information Services
	Developer of oncology and autoimmune therapeutics. The company is a distributor of the Compass (R) system, a procedure for assessing the outcomes of mental-health treatments. The company also engages in related research.
	['', 'mental health', ' ', 'treatment assessment', ' ', 'ongoing treatment', ' ', 'mental illness', ' ', 'treatment management', ' ', 'treatment outcome', '']
MTI Laboratory
	Provider research and development of remote radio head (RRH) technologies for WCDMA/HSDPA and WiMAX/LTE infrastructure products. The company\'s RRH technologies enable the transmission of high output power, which is essential for delivering high data rates and coverage required for mobile TV/video/audio/data-centric 3G data services.
	['', '3G data', ' ', 'remote radio head', ' ', 'wireless internet', ' ', 'power amplifier', '']
Intertisement
	Provider of advertising services to businesses and individuals. The company engages in the research and development of 3D augmented reality services and markets the same to the customers to be used as a visual advertisement platform.
	['', '3D augmented reality services', ' ', 'media services', ' ', 'advertising services', '']
Sasken Communications
	Provider of research and development consultancy, wireless software products and software services that helps businesses across the communications value chain accelerate product development life cycles. The company works with network OEMs, semiconductor vendors, terminal device OEMs and operators.
	['', 'development consulting', ' ', 'wireless software', ' ', 'semiconductor vendors', ' ', 'communications value chain', '']
Blue Ridge Pharmaceuticals
	Operator of an animal health pharmaceutical company. The company is involved in the research, development and marketing of veterinary products.
	['veterinary ', 'animal health', ' ', 'clinical development', '']
RWHD
	Provider of research services. The company engages in the research and development of pharmaceutical products.
	['', 'research services', ' ', 'research and development', ' ', 'pharmaceutical products', '']
Algieplus
	Operator of a research and development company. The company\'s product, Algieplus, promotes active molecules from sustainable marine resources and adds value to seaweed deposits, harvested in a way which is adapted to recycling thereby aiding in managing waste from seaweed deposits.
	['', 'research company', ' ', 'active molecules', ' ', 'sustainable marine resources', ' ', 'waste treatment', '']
Somatix Therapy
	Developer of gene therapy. The company engages in research, development and commercialization of proprietary processes for the genetic modification of cells and their use in the treatment of human disease.
	['genetic ', 'gene therapy', '']
Rissington Breedline
	Provider of sheep breeding, rearing and genetics services. The company engages in the research and development of sheep and cattle genetics and breeds for farming and food industries.
	['', 'sheep husbandry', ' ', 'animal farming', ' ', 'sheep breeding', ' ', 'animal husbandry', '']
