AviaHealth
	Provider of a web-based practice management tool designed specifically for ob/gyns. The company\'s online platform provides patient information and education, including information customized to a woman\'s own needs and internet linkages to facilitate patient\'s interaction with the doctor for routine matters.
	['', 'practice management tool', ' ', 'internet linkages', ' ', 'patient interaction', ' ', 'online platform', '']
Appeering
	Provider of a web-based tool-set that helps professional users discover and manage the most important, industry-specific social media conversations as they develop. The company is developing a web-based application to instantly enable users to listen to and join important conversations among leaders in various industries.
	['', 'IT Services', ' ', 'web-based toolset', ' ', 'information services', '']
SwapDrive
	Provider of Web-based operating software for online data backup and storage. The company’s services allow customers to remotely backup, store, and access critical information. Its Web-based system delivers technology, user interface, and security for wizard-based installation, automatic backups, data recovery, Web access, file management and service access through the Internet.
	['', 'data backup', ' ', 'data storage', ' ', 'data recovery', '']
Abakus
	Developer and provider of a Web-based electronic patient-record system. The company\'s products supports physiotherapists in clinical reasoning and decisions, and objectifying and registering physiotherapy outcome measures in cooperation with the patient or their representative.
	['clinical ', 'patient record system', ' ', 'electronic records', ' SaaS']
TargetMatch.com
	Provider of web based matching services. The company provides matching platforms that make positive impacts on people\'s lives.
	['', 'match making', ' ', 'consumer service', ' ', 'internet matching', '']
Herd Wisdom
	Provider of an on demand assessment services. The company offers software as a service platform and marketplace for authoring, deployment and integration of assessment tools enabling consultants, test providers, and companies to deploy hiring, development and succession management products.
	['', 'assessment service', ' ', 'assessment tool', ' ', 'succession management', '']
Physicians Data Network
	Provider of web-enabled on-line management tool. The company develops online tools that allows healthcare providers to monitor Medicare fraud and abuse regulatory compliance, measure productivity and manage revenue.
	['', 'online tools', ' ', 'management tool', ' ', 'web-enabled tool', ' ', 'fraud security', '  web-enabled']
OhLife
	Provider of a web-based journal application. The company provides email-based personal journal for users to write their daily experiences.
	['', 'journal application', ' ', 'personal journal', ' ', 'online journal', ' ', 'web-based diary', ' ', 'email service', '']
4charity Systems
	Provider of web-based application services. The company\'s web based software helps corporations to accurately donate, track and expedite the fulfillment of employee donations and corporate matching gifts.
	['', 'web based software', ' ', 'employee donations', ' ', 'Corporate Matching Gifts', ' ', 'application software', '']
Clear Standards
	Provider of web-based tool for enterprise carbon management and sustainability assessment.
	['', 'enterprise carbon management', ' ', 'environmental impact assessment', ' ', 'emission data visualization', ' ', 'environmental initiative decision', ' ', 'water consumption optimization', '']
Visibli
	Provider of Web based technology to promote products. The company\'s engagement bar gives companies a tool to extend their reach, while providing consumers with content, promotions and e-commerce opportunities to sell their products and services.
	['', 'social Marketing platform', ' ', 'analytics platform', ' ', 'social media engagement', '']
Boxbe
	Provider of a Web-based service to minimize email overload. The company offers an email filtering tool that organizes inboxes, reduces clutter, and eliminates email overload.
	['', 'public forwarding', ' ', 'email guest list', ' ', 'social network', ' ', 'IM buddy', ' ', 'spam management', ' ', 'email organizer', ' ', 'email management', '']
