DeerTech
	Provider of three circles of protection to protect plants from deer to homeowners. The company provides its services in New York, Southern Connecticut, New Jersey, Eastern Pennsylvania, and Delaware. It offers sound, sprays, and switching things for protecting plants from deer.
	['', 'deer deterrent', ' ', 'organic fertilization', ' ', 'lawn care', ' ', 'woodlot management', '']
IL&FS Transportation & Networks
	Developer of surface transport infrastructure projects. The company constructs and operates national and state highways, roads, flyovers and bridges, as well as metro rail, bus transportation and border entry points.
	['infrastructure ', 'infrastructure projects', ' transport ', 'surface transport infrastructure projects', '']
Prolyte Group
	Provider of aluminum supporting systems for the entertainment and exhibition industry. The company manufactures modular aluminium supporting systems (trussing) used for constructing stages and mounting light fixtures, scenery and speakers. The company also produces mobile stages and rigging material.
	['trussing ', 'aluminium supporting', ' ', 'mobile stage', '']
Columbia Pacific Aluminum
	Provider of aluminum-casting services. The company operates an aluminum-extrusion operation, with plants in  Modesto, Watsonville and City of Industry in the U.S. state of California.
	['', 'metal casting', ' ', 'aluminum extrusion', ' ', 'aluminum casting', '']
Raging Mobile
	Provider of proprietary technology that enhances the use of mobile phones and social networks in the consumer’s shopping experience to retailers. The company filed as a Statement & Designation By Foreign Corporation on Friday, July 30, 2010 in the state of California and is currently active.
	['', 'consumer shopping', ' ', 'proprietary technology', '']
Remi Claeys Aluminium
	Producer of semi-finished aluminum products. The company produces high-frequency welded tubes made of aluminum that are used for various purposes such as gardening tools, cycle frames, furniture, and telescopic handles. The company also produces precision welded tools which are used in radiators and air-conditioners.
	['', 'aluminum products', ' ', 'aluminum frames', ' ', 'welded tools', ' ', 'aluminum tools', '']
JL-Levytekniikka
	Producer of sheet metal products. The company operates as a sheet metal parts and sub-assemblies contract producer working with materials such as steel and aluminum. The company spun out of Teleste.
	['', 'sheet metal products', ' sub-assemblies ', 'sheet metal parts', ' ', 'contract producer', '']
ALUmonte Technologiefortschritt in Aluminium
	Operator of aluminum melting plants. The company processes its alloys and aluminum scrap through an oxidation and salt-free melting process that removes miscellaneous impurities.
	['', 'oxidation-free remelting', ' ', 'miscellaneous impurity', ' ', 'aluminum-melting plant', ' ', 'clean aluminum', ' metallurgy']
