Petbrosia
	Online retailer of customized pet food. The company uses veterinarian and nutritionist designed algorithms to determine the unique nutritional needs of customers\' dogs and cats, and provides products tailored to activity levels and specific health issues.
	['', 'pet food', ' ', 'pet nutritionist', ' ', 'diet chart', ' ', 'online pet nutrition', '']
Snaptracs
	Developer of pet GPS tracking systems for pet owners. The company offers a GPS pet tracking device that uses GPS and wireless technology to locate and track the activities of pets from desktops or mobile devices.
	['', 'GPS tracking system', ' ', 'wireless technology', ' ', 'pet tracker', '']
FamilyPet
	Provider of marketing services for the pet industry. The company operates websites that offer information about services and merchandise for dogs, cats and other breeds to pet-owners.
	['', 'pet market', ' pet ', 'pet industry', '']
NorBelle
	Provider of GPS engineering and intellectual property licensing. The company\'s core technology is known as Cearch, which enables one wireless device in motion to track and locate another wireless device in motion. It has integrated Cearch technology into a line of consumer mobile products and has combined its mobile tracking capabilities with a consumer buying platform for distribution in the US.
	['', 'GPS engineering', ' ', 'mobile tracking', ' ', 'wireless technology', ' ', 'buying platform', '']
SnapTrack
	Developer of wireless position location technology to determine the position of cell phones, pagers and other hand-held devices. The company develops chips with GPS signal processing ability which is built into handsets to track their locations.
	['', 'global positioning system', ' ', 'wireless position location', ' ', 'signal processing chips', '']
PetStuff
	Operator of pet food stores. The company operates a pet supply superstores in the Eastern United States.
	['', 'pet food', ' ', 'pet care', ' ', 'supply chain', '']
Green Way Systems
	Provider of traffic guidance systems.  The company uses GPS technology and proprietary detectors that can alter traffic signals for emergency vehicles and alter traffic signs to accurately display hazards and traffic information.
	['traffic ', 'traffic guidance', ' ', 'traffic detector', ' ', 'traffic technology', '']
Securus
	Developer of pet tracking devices in the United States. The company offers global positioning system (GPS) pet locators that bundle GPS technology with the recovery assistance.
	['', 'global positioning system', ' ', 'pet tracking device', ' ', 'pet locator', ' ', 'recovery assistance', '']
Allpets.com
	Provider of an online pet magazine and encyclopedia. The company provides valuable information, education and pet products to the consumer and business markets.
	['', 'pet magazine', ' ', 'pet encyclopedia', ' ', 'pet product', ' ', 'pet information', '']
Navx
	Provider of a platform for geo-localized content. The company\'s technology helps to visualize points of interests, traces and personal data. It connects GPS with the internet and allows customers to generate their content, share and upload it onto their GPS devices and social communities.
	['', 'global positioning system', ' ', 'geo-localized content', ' ', 'social community', '']
IPET Holdings
	Provider of products and services for the pets. The company offers pet accessories and supplies to the consumers over internet.
	['', 'pet products', ' ', 'pet accessories', ' ', 'consumer products', '']
