Outside.In
	Provider of a data and technology platform that develops, organizes, and distributes hyperlocal news online. The company monitors news, blogs, and discussions on the Web and maps it to offline locations for the discovery and sharing of hyperlocal news and information.
	['', 'news distribution', ' ', 'technology platform', '']
Westside Today
	Publisher and distributor of monthly community news magazines to the upscale communities. They offer information pertaining to celebrities, politics, society, environment and everyday news.
	['', 'community news', ' ', 'celebrity news', ' ', 'publishing news', ' ', 'monthly news', ' ', 'political news', '']
Ziff Davis Enterprise
	Provider of online content, lead generation services, events and publications serving the technology industry. The business unit creates innovative media that targets technology markets with online, events, custom content, eNewsletters, print, virtual tradeshows and eseminars.
	['', 'online content', ' ', 'custom content', ' ', 'lead generation service', '']
Alphonso Labs
	Provider of news reading application platform. The company enables users to consume news on mobile phones and tablets.
	['', 'news reading application', ' ', 'news application', ' ', 'mobile news', ' ', 'news reader', '']
Enterproid
	Provider of an application enabling smartphone users to switch between work and personal use on their devices. The company offers Divide, a BYOD application  enabling users to transform their smartphones into enterprise-ready mobile devices. The platform offers multiple profile support, productivity applications and personal and IT cloud management.
	['', 'cloud management', ' ', 'enterprise security', ' ', 'secure mobile platform', ' ', 'enterprise mobility', '']
La Estrella Digital
	Operator of an e-newspaper. The company provides news on emerging markets, finance, international news, management, politics and technology.
	['', 'e-newspaper', ' ', 'emerging markets', ' politics']
YellowBrix
	Provider of syndicated news content for portals and intranets. The company offers content analytics solutions that provide insight into market and business intelligence on companies, people, products, topics, brands.
	['', 'syndicated news', ' ', 'news content analytic', ' ', 'content infrastructure service', '']
Cemmerce
	Operator of an online commerce platform. The company helps publishers and content creators generate new revenue streams from existing and future online content by automatically convert product references into live commerce links. It’s platform also provides access to real time price comparison data, abandonment rates and conversion rates.
	['', 'Affiliate Marketing', ' ', 'Automated affiliate marketing', ' ', 'Affiliate link', ' ', 'Content monetization', '']
Silicon Media Group
	Provider of news and information for information technology industry. The company also provides personalized and real-time news and information for IT professionals.
	['', 'online news', ' ', 'information technology', ' ', 'IT news', '']
ZebraMobile
	Provider of online news platform. The company provides an application enabling mobile access to personalized news content, advertising and other online content.
	['', 'news platform', ' ', 'online news', '']
Viigo
	Developer of a content mobilization platform. The company offers News and RSS module for news, insights, and blogs; Weather module, which allows users to view the current temperature and forecasts for cities around the world; Sports module that provides live event updates, schedules, and results; and Business and Finance module that enables users to create and follow their own stock portfolio, calculate exchange rates, or even manage their online accounts.
	['sports weather ', 'finance module', ' ', 'portfolio management', ' weather']
BiTnews Media
	Operator of a video news platform. The company is a crowd-powered news channel focusing on decentralization initiatives and technologies such as crypto currencies, P2P energy grids, urban farming, direct democracy, three dimensional printing, decentralized internet, mesh networks and others.
	['', 'video news platform', ' ', 'digital currency', ' ', 'media platform', ' ', 'decentralized technology', '']
Cortex
	Maker of tools for sharing of online content and multimedia.
	['', 'content sharing', ' ', 'multimedia tool', '']
Sentica
	Provider and developer of wireless convergence solutions. The company provides universal application enabling infrastructure for mobile devices enabling communication between any application and any wireless device.
	['', 'wireless convergence solutions', ' ', 'mobile device', '']
Individual.com
	Provider of individually customized news and information that is delivered to business people over the internet. The company collects articles from various news services, sorts them by company and topic and sends a daily news email to each user.
	['', 'news service', ' ', 'online news', '']
Angstro
	Provider of online business news articles. The company offers online information discovering and sharing services.
	['', 'online information', ' ', 'business news', ' ', 'service sharing', '']
Chasm.io
	Provider of an online content marketing network. The company has developed a content matching system that analyzes personal interest graphs, categories of influence and network behaviors that allows content producers to present their content to only those influencers who are most likely to consume and share it.
	['', 'social networking', ' ', 'startup assistance', ' ', 'startup guidance', '']
Mochila
	Operator of an online market place for syndicated content from various content providers. The company’s marketplace contains articles, photos, and videos covering hard news and feature stories on various topics, such as health, business, entertainment, fashion, sports, science, and technology. Its online platform helps publishers to build business, content owners to find new value for their content, and advertisers to reach target audience.
	['', 'online market place', ' ', 'online platform', ' ', 'publisher platform', '']
Daylife
	Provider of a platform for curating, discovering and combining content. The company\'s platform serves some of the media brands and consumer destination websites, including USA Today, Turner Sports, Sky News and the Washington Post.
	['', 'content discovery', ' ', 'cloud publishing', ' aggregator']
Handmark
	Developer of mobile media services for mobile devices. The company offers Tantao News Mobile Reader for BlackBerry smartphones that features global and domestic news generated by Chinese news sources.
	['', 'entertainment tool', ' ', 'mobile reader', ' ', 'signature rating', ' ', 'online reservation', ' database']
