Paisley
	Provider of solutions for governance, risk and compliance (GRC). The company is the software vendor which provides solutions for financial controls management, internal audit, operational risk management, compliance, IT governance, and enterprise risk management.
	['audit ERM compliance ', 'IT governance', '']
Brabeion Software
	Provider of IT governance, risk, and compliance management software. The company offers Polaris Knowledgebase, a comprehensive knowledgebase of IT governance, risk, and compliance content.
	['', 'IT governance', ' ', 'compliance management', ' ', 'compliance content', '']
Neohapsis
	Provider of mobile and cloud security services. The company provides governance, risk and compliance products and services to address the risk management, regulatory and information protection needs of global enterprises and government agencies.
	['', 'compliance software', ' ', 'governance software', ' ', 'mobile security', '']
Mavent
	Provider of an automated regulatory compliance solutions. The company offers Mavent Expert System, a knowledge-based system to enhance regulatory risk management for residential mortgage businesses; and automated compliance engines that analyze mortgage loan data for compliance with consumer protection laws and institutionally mandated compliance policies.
	['', 'regulatory compliance', ' ', 'knowledge based system', ' ', 'mortgage business', ' ', 'mortgage loan data', ' ', 'consumer protection law', ' ', 'compliance engine', '']
Recourse Technologies
	Provider of threat management solutions for computer networks. The company provides software to monitor corporate networks against hackers. It provides solutions that detect, analyze and respond to malicious computer attacks.
	['', 'threat management', ' ', 'network monitoring', ' ', 'network threat management', '']
FleetFly
	Provider of enterprise class fleet management and internet based remote asset management solutions. The company uses the RedFly device to assist small fleets for their dispatch needs.
	['transportation ', 'fleet management', '']
Axent
	Provider of enterprise-grade security software. The company provides an integrated suite of software designed to assess vulnerabilities and ensure policy compliance, provide firewall protection & intruder alerts; enable security Internet usage, and to manage users and resources.
	['', 'information security', ' ', 'information assets', ' ', 'security services', '']
Flatirons Solutions
	Provider of XML-based software and services. The company offers professional services for information management in the areas of content management, XML publishing and digital asset management. The company also provides specialized technical data management products and services to the aviation and aerospace industries.
	['XML ', 'professional service', ' ', 'content management', ' ', 'XML publishing', ' ', 'digital asset management', '']
Archer Technologies
	Provider of enterprise governance, risk, and compliance management software. The company provides policy management, threat management, asset management solutions and gain visibility into corporate risk and security controls.
	['', 'enterprise governance', ' ', 'compliance management software', ' ', 'software technology', '']
Intelligent Markets
	Provider of comprehensive order management software and services to broker dealers. The company offers ALTA, an order management system, which offers services in multiple asset classes, including convertible bonds, corporate bonds, OTC equities and derivatives.
	['broker ', 'corporate bond', ' ', 'convertible bond', '']
Trust Digital
	Provider of enterprise mobility management technology and security software for government organizations and various companies. The company offers its services to secure, deploy, and manage smartphones for information technology organizations. It also offers EMM Console, a browser-based software to centrally manage the different smartphones used by mobile workers, as well as to provide policy management tools, reporting capabilities and compliance enforcement facilities to secure smartphones and ruggedized devices.
	['', 'enterprise mobility management', ' ', 'smartphone management', ' ', 'policy management tool', ' ', 'compliance enforcement', '']
Qubera Solutions
	Provider and designer of technology services for solving business related problems. The company offers technical expertise and strategic partnerships in the ares of identity and access management, governance, risk and compliance, directory and data services and portal and content management.
	['', 'access management', ' ', 'risk analysis', ' ', 'content management', '']
Polivec
	Provider of an integrated, corporate-wide, software suite for Governance, Risk Management and Compliance (GRC) solutions. The company enables corporations to manage risk, reduce cost, minimize complexity and protect their current investments.
	['', 'risk management', ' ', 'corporate governance', ' ', 'compliance software', ' ', 'policy enforcement', '']
TradeBeam
	Provider of Global Trade Management software and service solutions. The company streamlines global trading processes for enterprises and their partners. Its integrated solution provides import and export compliance and visibility including inventory management, shipment tracking, and supply chain event management, as well as global trade finance solutions such as open account and letter of credit management.
	['', 'global trade management', ' software technology ', 'global trading', ' shipment ', 'supply chain', ' ', 'letter of credit', ' ', 'trade management software', '']
Edi.io
	Provider of business services to mitigate corporate exposure and brand risk. The company offers business services that mitigates enterprise and brand risk within social media by filtering the outgoing corporate text engagement before it goes public.
	['', 'corporate exposure', ' ', 'risk mitigation', ' ', 'brand risk', ' ', 'enterprise risk', '']
Dynamic Change
	Developer of web-based performance management software tool. The company provides regulatory compliance, corporate governance, risk and performance management services to the healthcare market.
	['', 'compliance software', ' ', 'performance management software', ' ', 'corporate governance', '']
