HL-Planartechnik
	Manufacturer of thin-film metallization processes for the production of sensors. The company manufactures and sells components and subsystems using micro structures on ceramic, glass and silicon chips.
	['', 'photographic equipment', ' ', 'magnetic fields', ' ', 'thin-film metallization', ' circuit']
Khimaira
	Supplier of bus seats. The company also manufactures motor vehicle seats, boat seats, special seats as well as upholstery components.
	['', 'bus seats', ' ', 'boat seats', ' upholstery']
Innovasive Devices
	Manufacturer of surgical devices and instrumentation. The company manufactures devices for sports medicine surgeries, which facilitate the repair of soft tissue injuries in the knees and shoulders.
	['', 'sports medicine', ' ', 'soft tissue repair', ' ', 'surgical repair', '']
NeoRad
	Developer of medical products in the filed of radiology. The company develops, manufactures and sells instruments and devices, mainly in the field of radiology and interventional procedures.
	['', 'interventional procedures', ' ', 'non-vascular interventions', ' ', 'interventional oncology', ' radiology']
Radwiz
	Developer of datacom-telecom technologies. The company manufactures communications access systems.
	['', 'datacom-telecom', ' ', 'communications access systems', ' ', 'branch-office connectivity', ' WAN']
Dover
	Manufacturer of industrial equipment and components. The company designs, manufactures and sells a wide range of industrial products for the waste handling, bulk transport, automotive, commercial food service, machine, fluid handling, petroleum, chemical and electronics industries.
	['', 'refrigeration equipment', ' ', 'food equipment', ' compressors pupmps']
Équipe Communications
	Manufacturer of core network switching equipment. The company designs, manufactures and sells markets asynchronous transfer mode and multiprotocol label switching products for the optical network market.
	['', 'core switch', ' ', 'optical network', ' switching ', 'core network', ' ', 'ATM switches', ' ', 'MPLS switches', '']
Esber
	Manufacturer of paints and wall treatments. The company manufactures paints and coatings for the professional market. Its products include dyes, waxes, protective coatings, Venetian stucco, plasters, patinas and mottling multimatices.
	['paint covering patinas plaster stucco ', 'wall treatment', '']
Falcon Detection Technologies
	Provider of housewares equipments. The company manufactures electric housewares and household fans.
	['', 'houseware equipment', ' ', 'electrical equipment', ' ', 'household fan', '']
Avalon Photonics
	Manufacturer of vertical cavity surface emitting lasers (VCSELs). The company manufactures VCSELs for the datacom, sensing and measurement markets. The company also manufactures optical sub-assemblies that are core components in fiberoptic links.
	['lasers ', 'optical subassemblies', ' ', 'vertical cavity surface emitting lasers', '']
Lewis Pennicott Design
	Manufacturer of kitchenware. The company manufactures and sells chopping devices for kitchens.
	['kitchenware ', 'chopping device', ' ', 'chopping board', '']
Dino Lift
	Manufacturer and seller of aerial work platforms. The company manufactures lifts that allows workers to work above ground safely and are sold to more than 40 countries around the world.
	['', 'lift manufacturing', ' elevator ', 'aerial work platform', '']
4industries
	Developer of fiber optic elements for measurements and sensor applications. The company manufactures and sells speed optical analyzer system which is used in manufacturing processes to detect complex material and manufacturing defects without interrupting production.
	['', 'optic element', ' ', 'speed optical', ' ', 'optical analyzer system', '']
Veracus
	Manufacturer of colostrum-based supplements. The company manufactures a variety of dietary supplements from cattle-derived colostrum, an especially protein-rich milk product produced immediately after the birth of offspring. The company develops and markets colostrum food supplements for humans and domestic animals, including livestock and pets.
	['', 'colostrum products', ' ', 'dietary supplements', ' ', 'first milk', '']
Molecular Imprints
	Provider of nanopatterning systems and solutions for hard disk drive. The company manufactures nano-lithography systems for 3-dimensional pattern replication.
	['', 'nanopatterning system', ' ', 'imprint lithography', ' ', '3-dimensional printing', ' ', 'optical lithography tool', ' semiconductor']
Multi-Sign
	Developer of signs utilizing digital technology. The company manufactures sign products especially for outdoor use, with durability against corrosion, ultraviolet damage, and scratch resistance.
	['signs ', 'scratch resistant', ' ', 'corrosion resistant', '']
Maison Du Chene
	Manufacture of kitchen and bathroom from oak wood. The company manufactures and markets wooden kitchens, cupboards, bathrooms and inside doors.
	['', 'oak wood products', '']
Accutronics (Electronics)
	Manufacturer of batteries. The company designs, manufactures and sells batteries for high-performance portable and handheld electronic devices  in the medical and healthcare, defense and security and industrial electronic markets.
	['', 'power products', ' batteries charger ', 'battery design', '']
MCNEX Company
	Manufacturer and developer camera module for mobile phones and automobiles. The company manufactures and sells camera modules, wireless charger products, medical cameras, network cameras and home automation products.
	['']
