Transparency Software
	Developer of information retrieval software for business enterprises. The company’s core product Transparency Vision is an information policy management platform that enables business users to monitor, audit, and secure access to business information and data resources.
	['', 'information policy', ' ', 'security solution', ' ', 'data resources', ' ', 'business enterprises', '']
Polimetrix
	Developer of databases, infrastructure and analytics for politics and survey research. The company provides information product that collects responses and calculates BIX net metrics based on the responses. It also provides consulting, online survey and online qualitative services.
	['', 'survey research', ' ', 'politics research', ' ', 'online qualitative service', ' ', 'online polling', '']
One did it
	Provider of online information relating to sustainable consumption. The company provides a ecological backpack calculator, which consumers can use to calculate the amount of natural resources they consume.
	['', 'sustainable consumption', ' ', 'natural resource consumption', ' ecological']
India Parenting
	Operator of a B2C portal with a focus on parenting. The company provides quality content covering the entire gamut of parenting.
	['', 'raising children', ' ', 'cultural heritage', ' ', 'nursery rhymes', ' ', 'consumer service', '']
Telebase Systems
	Operator of an online information and entertainment service company. The company provides its customers with customized information services and access to several hundred databases covering worldwide business information.
	['', 'online magazine', ' ', 'online information', ' ', 'Interactive Products', '']
e-Bridge
	Operator of an online entertainment site for bridge games and information.
	['', 'online entertainment', ' ', 'bridge game', ' ', 'online game', '']
TopTier Software
	Provider of enterprise information portals and products that unify information residing throughout an organization\'s computing systems. The company provides software platform that integrates corporate data residing in a company and its business partners enterprise applications, databases, text documents, web sites and other data sources and allows end users to directly access, navigate and manipulate this data through a corporate portal which serves as a common user interface for the company.
	['', 'enterprise database', ' ', 'portal software', ' ', 'ebusiness portals', ' database']
BioSpace
	Provider of web-based information services. The company provides web-based information services that enable life science companies to more efficiently access, deliver and share information.
	['', 'information services', ' ', 'life science', '']
Linuxstart.com
	Operator of an online Linux community. The company provides Linux related information services.
	['', 'Linux community', ' ', 'information services', ' Linux ', 'e-commerce site', '']
Guangzhou 3G Information Technology
	Operator of a value-added telecom and information service company. The company provides both voice and data connection to the major telecom operators covering both mobile and fixed-line networks.
	['', 'instant messaging services', ' community-oriented ', 'IVR service', ' ', 'telecom services', '']
