Virtual Computer
	Provider of a platform of PC life cycle management. The company offers NxTop, a client-side virtualization and management server platform, which uses virtualization technology to isolate and manage the main components of a PC independently, including the hardware, operating system, applications and user data.
	['', 'desktop management', ' ', 'laptop management', ' ', 'operating system', '']
Aspective
	Provider of e-commerce and WAP-based mobile applications and services for customer relationship management, business intelligence, data management and field service management. The company also provides managed and support services, which include application support, support desk, infrastructure, monitoring and outsourcing services.
	['', 'field service management', ' ', 'mobile application service', ' ', 'application support', ' ', 'outsourcing service', '']
SpearCast
	Developer of web data extraction and data aggregation tools. The company offers a technology that is capable of automatically locating, extracting, merging and converting hundreds of millions of data points across various online sources and creating a standardized business profile which includes address and customer reviews, online ad spend and online visibility on search engines and all relevant sites.
	['', 'data aggregation', ' ', 'web data', ' ', 'data extraction', '']
DATAllegro
	Provider of data warehouse appliances.
	['', 'data warehouse', ' ', 'warehouse appliance', '']
Scope e-Knowledge Center
	Provider of remote knowledge services. The company offers master data management services, including domain expertise, customer data integration, assisted automation software and workflow process.
	['', 'remote knowledge', ' ', 'master data management', ' ', 'automation software', '']
Exeros
	Operator of a data relationship discovery and management company. The company offers solutions for data integration projects, including data migration, sensitive data governance, master data management, and ETL migration.
	['', 'data relationship discovery', ' ', 'data integration', ' ', 'data migration', '']
Flytteportalen
	Provider of online address change service. The company also offers a mov- related trade portal where users can get an overview of available services. The company also enables customers to address notification to suppliers and partners and update them with the company\'s new address, billing address, office address and shipping address.
	['address ', 'address notification', ' ', 'advertising service', ' ', 'information service', '']
Data Marketplace
	Operator of an online marketplace for data. The company provides a platform linking people seeking data with those who specialize in collecting, cleaning and analyzing data. Users place a request, and providers upload it to the site, provide descriptive metadata and set a price for it. The stored metadata is used to help consumers find relevant data through traditional search engines and when browsing the marketplace.
	['', 'online marketplace', ' ', 'payment processing', ' ', 'file conversion', ' whitelabel ', 'branded storefront', '']
Mimosa Systems
	Provider of immediacy, discovery and continuity for the new generation of critical enterprise information. The company is focused on data management of unstructured and semi-structured information including email, documents and other new data types.
	['', 'critical information', ' ', 'enterprise information', ' ', 'corporate information', '']
Human Inference
	Provider of data management services. The company provides data management services for customer databases. It offers human inference to address data life cycle and also provides customer data services.
	['', 'data management', ' ', 'human inference', ' ', 'customer database', '']
US Interactive
	Developer of internet-centric customer management services. The company is a software and services organization that develops and deploys internet-centric customer management services for communications and next generation service providers.
	['', 'customer management service', ' ', 'software service', ' ', 'internet-centric service', ' ', 'communication service provider', '']
Pattern Insight (Log Insight)
	Provider of cloud log analytic platform. The company provides a data management and search platform.
	['', 'log analysis platform', ' ', 'data management', ' ', 'data search', ' ', 'cloud log analysis', ' ', 'big data', '']
Viathan
	Developer of technology that helps companies manage data. The company\'s storage virtualization software provides data management platforms for use by companies and e-commerce vendors alike.
	['', 'internet application', ' ', 'data storage', ' ', 'database management', '']
Dotomi
	Provider of Internet advertising and media management services. The company\'s full service solutions provide media, data management, campaign management, analytical and technical support.
	['', 'media management', ' ', 'internet advertising', ' ', 'data management', ' ', 'campaign management', '']
Aster Data Systems
	Provider of parallel processing databases for data warehousing and analytics. The company provides analytics, data loading performance, data growth, query performance, administration, scaling solutions, self-management, analytics center, analytic data pipeline discovery, educational, sales engineering, consulting, support, training services.
	['', 'data warehousing', ' ', 'analytics solution', ' ', 'sales engineering', ' ', 'data growth', ' ', 'data warehouse services', '']
Initiate Systems
	Provider of master data management software services for organizations. The company offers customer data integration and enterprise master person index software to financial service providers, information exchange, hospitality, manufacturing and retail industries.
	['', 'data management', ' ', 'financial service', ' ', 'healthcare provider', ' ', 'retail industry', ' ', 'delivery network', '']
DCF Technologies
	Provider of services for eliminating data retrieval bottlenecks. The company offers software services to access data accumulating in organizational and internet portal databases. It also provides SafePeak, which acts as a distributed proxy cache between application servers and database servers to accelerate data access.
	['', 'data access', ' ', 'performance management', ' ', 'portal database', '']
InfiniDB
	Provider of analytic database software for information processing applications. The company provides data warehouse storage engine for analytical data, analytical workloads and analytical data volumes. It also offers support services for the implementation of data warehouse.
	['', 'analytic database software', ' ', 'storage engine', ' warehousing']
CyberSynchs
	Provider of data synchronization services. The company\'s products provide data backup, data transmission and video streaming over the internet across independent devices and operating systems.
	['', 'data synchronization', ' ', 'video streaming', ' ', 'wireless synchronization', ' ', 'digital content', ' ', 'data transmission', '']
Business & Decision
	Provider of business intelligence and enterprise performance management services. The company offers RightDelivery Model which helps its clients to leverage its on-shore, near-shore and offshore service centers. They also provide customer relationship management services that help companies manage their customer data and standardize the processes that use this data. They also offer e-business activities like 24/7 online managed services, application hosting and outsourcing in various fields, including e-commerce, e-administration, and e-communication.
	['', 'business intelligence', ' ', 'enterprise performance management', ' ', 'performance management service', ' e-commerce e-business e-communication ', 'application hosting', '']
Always Prepped
	Developer of education software focused on classroom data management for the K-12 marketplace. The company\'s software aggregates and analyzes student classroom performance, attendance and behavior metrics from several online programs in a single dashboard for teachers.
	['', 'student data', ' ', 'education data', ' ', 'education platform', '']
DataCenter Technologies
	Provider of data management software that helps to migrate and protect data. The company\'s solution enables customers to clasify data, simulate data management operations and copy or move data between storage tiers.
	['', 'data management software', ' ', 'protect data', ' operations']
Systinet
	Provider of service-oriented architecture (SOA) governance and life-cycle management software and services. The company\'s web applications and services platform enables to build and integrate business applications over the internet.
	['', 'service-oriented architecture', ' ', 'life-cycle management', ' ', 'web applications', ' ', 'services platform', ' ', 'business application integration', '']
Aspect Development
	Operator of a software, data content and services company. The company provides component and supplier management (CSM) technology to manufacturers. The company\'s applications and supplier-information databases are focused on improving the product-development cycle. Its CSM technology targets the design and procurement processes of the manufacturing enterprise, providing design engineers and procurement personnel the ability to rapidly search, compare and select optimal designs, components and suppliers.
	['', 'enterprise solution', ' CSM ', 'supplier database', ' ', 'data content', '']
MetaCarta (Enterprise Group)
	Developer of e-commerce tools and services. The company provides geographic intelligence solutions, map-driven geographic search, geographic referencing and data visualization capabilities.
	['', 'geographic intelligence solutions', ' ', 'geographic search', ' ', 'wireless services', ' ', 'location-based application', '']
Evident Software
	Operator of a data relationship discovery and management company. The company offers services for data integration projects, including data migration, sensitive data governance, master data management and ETL migration.
	['', 'data migration', ' ', 'data relationship discovery', ' ', 'data lineage', '']
Purisma
	Provider of solutions- driven data management platform and software for enterprises. The company provides online customer registry system that connects enterprise applications, databases and external data sources.
	['', 'data integration software', ' ', 'data management platform', '']
ClearWater Data
	Provider of services addressing the challenges of dealing with massive data flow volumes. The company provides a data-centric architecture enabling the ingestion of billions of daily transactions.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'data flow management', ' ', 'data-centric architecture', '']
Memeo
	Provider of data-management services. The company’s cloud-based software enables users to access files, protect and restore data and send large files securely. The product has applications for commercial and home-based users and can be used on mobile devices.
	['', 'database management', ' ', 'data retrieval', ' ', 'restore data', '']
Bizo
	Provider of online business to business (B2B) marketing services. The company\'s platform provides data management and targeting capabilities to reach audiences anywhere they travel online and engage those that come to their websites, landing pages and social channels.
	['', 'advertising network', ' ', 'bizographic targeting', ' ', 'business traffic measurement', ' ', 'business registration', '']
GraphDive
	Provider of a data analytic and personalization platform. The company provides online businesses with integrated social data from platforms such as Facebook to deliver insights into their users\' top interests and key demographic data- age, education, income and relationship status.
	['', 'social data', ' ', 'e-commerce service', ' ', 'e-commerce content', ' API ', 'social API', ' ', 'data analysis', '']
