EverySignal
	Provider of computer software services. The company accelerates customer acquisition using data science.
	['computer ', 'information technology', ' ', 'data science', '']
Ygsoft
	Operator of a computer software development and consultancy company. The company develops and sells computer software with provision of software consultancy services and computer software system integration.
	['', 'computer software', ' ', 'hardware system', ' ', 'software system integration', '']
Primary Rate
	Producer of computer network products and software. The company develops subsystem products and sells technology licenses worldwide. The company also provides high speed wide area connectivity using standards-based architectures and protocols.
	['connectivity ', 'Frame Relay', ' ', 'leased lines', '']
LRS Ortho
	Developer of bone drilling device. The company develops computer-aided guiding device for accurate, effective aiming in bone drilling and cutting procedures.
	['', 'bone device', ' ', 'bone drilling', ' ', 'medical device', '']
Haystack Labs
	Developer of computer intrusion detection software. The company develops a large database of known attacks and misuses thus protecting web users against dangerous connections.
	['', 'software company', ' ', 'cyber security', ' ', 'monitoring software', '']
CIMLINC
	Developer of custom and multimedia work instruction software for the manufacturing industry. The company provides Product Lifecycle Management (PLM), Computer-Aided Design (CAD) and Computer-Aided Manufacturing (CAM) solutions for the manufacturing industry.
	['', 'multimedia software', ' ', 'Software Publishers', ' ', 'Prepackaged Software', '']
TriQuest
	Developer of computer chip design software. The company specializes in enhancing synthesis tools in the semiconductor industry.
	['semiconductor ', 'computer chip', '']
VuCOMP
	Developer of computer-aided detection systems for automatic analysis of medical images. The company help physicians to find disease at earlier stages. Its CAD system assists radiologists by automatically identifying areas of a mammogram that are consistent with breast cancer.
	['', 'computer aided detection', ' ', 'medical images', ' ', 'breast cancer', '']
Omegaon Networks
	Developer of computer program to identify problems in computer networks. The company develops a software system permitting quick and continuous identification of difficulties and interruptions in the various communications networks.
	['', 'computer program', ' ', 'software system', ' ', 'communication network', '']
GeneMachines
	Provider of solutions for the automation and instrumentation needs of the genomics community. The company develops and provides automated solutions, collaborating with researchers to determine and address instrumentation needs and challenges.
	['DNA']
GrabCAD
	Provider of cross-platform computer aided design library and engineering community. The company\'s platform allows engineers to share and host files and communicate.
	['', 'engineering service', ' ', 'computer aided design', ' ', 'technical drawing', ' ', 'design model library', ' ', 'engineering community', '']
Biosym Technologies
	Developer of spectrum of molecular modeling software products for the biopharmaceutical, polymer and catalysis technology sectors. The company markets for Computer Aided Molecular Design.
	['', 'molecular design', ' ', 'computer aided', '']
Index Technology
	Developer of computer software. The company develops and provides computer-aided software and services.
	['', 'computer aided software', ' ', 'computer engineer', ' ', 'operating system', '']
WideMed
	Developer of a web based sleep diagnostic software. The company offers Morpheus, a computer aided sleep scoring system that is used in laboratories and hospitals.
	['', 'web based', ' ', 'sleep diagnostic', ' scoring']
Oculis Labs
	Developer of cybersecurity software. The company provides a software platform designed to protect visual on-screen data by blurring the images from nearby viewers who are not the computer\'s users.
	['', 'data privacy', ' ', 'privacy software', ' ', 'information system', '']
InPart Design
	Developer of strategic sourcing software and content services for the industrial marketplace. The company provides web-based enterprise software and three-dimensional (3D) computer-aided design (CAD) model libraries of standard mechanical components to improve product development cycles and reduce component expenses for manufacturing companies.
	['', '3D geometry', ' ', '3D models', ' ', 'technical specification', '']
PlanPlatform
	Developer of software that provides engineers with two-dimensional and three-dimensional software drafting tools. The company develops SaaS technologies that enable users to edit two dimensional and three dimensional Computer Aided Design and geospatial data from every internet enabled machine.
	['', 'software drafting tool', ' ', 'computer aided design', ' ', 'geospaial data', '']
Adra Systems
	Developer of computer-aided designing software used for industrial and mechanical processes. The company engages in providing software-aided mechanical casting and industrial processing services.
	['', 'CAD software', ' ', 'computer-aided design', ' ', 'mechanical designing', '']
Zanza Software
	Developer of software allowing users to query database and create reports using the Web browser. The company offers web-based, java business intelligence solutions. It provides computer software used to access, format, process and distribute information via electronic communications networks.
	['', 'business software', ' ', 'software services', ' ', 'query database', ' ', 'information software', '']
Satellier
	Provider of workshare solutions to the global AEC industry. The company provides workshare services such as Building Information Modeling (BIM), Design Support, Engineering/MEP, Design Management Services, and computer aided drafting support to architectural, engineering, and MEP disciplines.
	['', 'design support', ' ', 'design management', ' ', 'project documentation', ' ', 'building information modeling', '']
