Metreo
	Provider of pricing optimization software. The company provides pricing optimization software that enables manufacturers and distributors to maximize profits from the sales of their goods and services.
	['', 'pricing optimization', ' ', 'profit maximization', ' finance']
Anevia
	Provider of video on demand software. The company offers application suites for broadcasters and telecom operators. It also offers a suite of components and applications to build-up video service infrastructures.
	['', 'television service', ' ', 'online video streaming', ' ', 'telecom operator', '']
mimoOn
	Developer of LTE software for mobile devices and wireless infrastructure. The company offers physical layer and protocol stack for small cells and terminals, advanced scheduler for small cells, self-organizing network support and IP development in the areas of advanced PHY algorithms on multi-core SDR platforms. It provides complete porting, optimization and verification service, as well as a roadmap to future 3GPP releases.
	['', 'mobile device', ' ', 'wireless infrastructure', ' ', 'LTE software', '']
GameLogic
	Developer of player loyalty and acquisition products. The company develops strategies and solutions for casino operators to enhance customer relationships and attract new players. Its products include a casino loyalty and visit acquisition system, which offers casino patrons an opportunity to play Internet games; and a tournament-based poker system for the regulated U.S. casino and lottery operators. It also develops games, promotions, and marketing interfaces to help casino operators to communicate and interact with customers when operators are away from the casino, as well as provides marketing plans and promotional programs, implementation and operations assistance, and reporting services.
	['', 'player loyalty', ' ', 'casino solution', ' ', 'game development', '']
Visage Mobile (Subscriber Management Business)
	Provider of a platform for mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs). The company provides on-demand management systems.
	['', 'virtual network operator', ' ', 'on demand management system', ' ', 'virtual service provider', '']
Ortiva Wireless
	Provider of video optimization software for mobile network operators (MNOs) and managed service providers (MSPs). The company offers mVOG, a mobile video optimization gateway that provides a mobile streaming solution for MNOs and MSPs; and iVOG, a video optimization platform designed for wireless operators to enhance the overall network efficiency and reduce bandwidth consumption.
	['', 'video software', ' ', 'mobile operator', ' ', 'service provider', ' ', 'video optimization', '']
Paxfire
	Provider of a software that generates ad revenue for network operators from address bar search and DNS error traffic. The company also provides hardware look-up services for network operators, including consumer ISPs, CLECs, backbone providers and cable companies.
	['', 'IT Services', '']
EXFO Service Assurance
	Provider of open and extensible converged service assurance solutions for the service providers and enterprises of voice, video, data, and mobile services. The company also provides customization, design, installation, configuration, integration, operations, and educational services. It serves carriers, cable MSOs, managed service providers, large enterprises, and mobile operators.
	['', 'mobile service', ' ', 'education service', ' ', 'management software', ' ', 'video content', '']
Airwide Solutions
	Provider of mobile infrastructure software. The company\'s software enable mobile communications for wireless operators worldwide.
	['', 'mobile infrastructure', ' ', 'wireless communication', ' ', 'mobile communication', '']
Comverging Technologies
	Provider of roaming gateway for mobile operators. The company operates an independent multi-standard roaming gateway which enables a mobile operator to offer seamless prepaid roaming in a connected ecosystem with other operators.
	['', 'traffic flow', ' roaming ', 'connected ecosystem', ' ', 'seamless prepaid', '']
Teltier Technologies
	Provider of protection for mobile networks and the privacy of their subscribers. The company provides mobile network infrastructure platforms for secure presence and availability management.
	['', 'mobile network', ' ', 'mobile network infrastructure', ' ', 'mobile network operator', '']
Stoke
	Developer of carrier-class multi-access convergence gateways for fixed, mobile and Internet-based operators. The company provides Stoke Session Exchange, an integrated hardware and software platform that addresses the security, service and mobility challenges associated with optimizing subscribers\' multimedia sessions across fixed, mobile, Wi-Fi and WiMAX networks and Stoke Mobile Data Offload, a service designed to help 3G network operators address their economic capacity and subscriber satisfaction challenges delivering mobile broadband data.
	['', 'covergence gateway', ' ', 'mobile broadband', ' multimedia ', 'mobile broadband', '']
