SocialCast (Waltham)
	Provider of end-to-end social media services. The company provides a cloud-based platform for small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) to engage, manage, curate and measure the return on investment (ROI) of their social marketing activities.
	['', 'social media marketing', ' ', 'calculate ROI', ' ', 'social marketing activity', '']
Comarch
	Provider of IT products for operational and business processes. The company provides CRM and business intelligence software to small and medium-sized enterprises sector.
	['', 'banking and insurance', ' ', 'solutions and services', ' profitability']
Avtre
	Developer and supplier of back-up software for data and related services. The company offers customized data backup to individuals and small and medium-sized businesses. The company\'s product, Lockbee,, is a software that monitors and automatically creates backup data on new and changing directories and files.
	['', 'online backup', ' directories broadband ', 'back-up software', '']
Interland
	Provider of web hosting services to small and medium sized businesses. The company provides web hosting, application hosting and other web-based business solutions.
	['', 'web hosting', ' ', 'application hosting', ' ', 'electronic commerce', '']
ENSIS Management
	Investor in small and medium sized companies. The company invests in life sciences and technology sectors.
	['technology', 'life sciences', '']
STP Depannage
	Provider of repairing services for small and medium sized companies and households. The company offers various services including maintenance, tiling, plumbing, electricity.
	['tiling plumbing ', 'repairing services', '']
Dianping.com
	Provider of an online local platform for business search, user generated reviews, detailed business information, featured discounts, group buying and other merchant services. The company operates a website that covers a full spectrum of local business content and reviews from restaurants, boutiques, entertainment, leisure and lifestyle services. The company also provides a one-stop targeted marketing solution for small and medium-sized businesses using electronic coupons, online advertising and group buying.
	['', 'one stop marketing', ' ', 'internet portal', '']
Octopz
	Provider of online collaboration services to professionals in both Small/Medium Business and Enterprise markets. The company provides its services through on-demand  software platform.
	['', 'on demand  software', ' ', 'online collaboration', ' ', 'professional collaboration service', '']
Dresdner Factoring
	Provider of financing services for small and medium enterprises. The company provides capital to smaller enterprises with low cash reserves, providing sales-congruent backing against their receivables.
	['', 'financial service', ' ', 'small business factoring', ' ', 'factoring service', '']
Gearworks
	Provider of carrier-class mobile management software solutions for location-based mobile business applications. The company also provides phone programming and provisioning, training, customization, and integration services. Gearworks serves small to medium sized business and enterprise customers across construction, healthcare, field service, home and store delivery, utilities, and government services industries.
	['']
ProStores
	Provider of e-business software for small and medium-sized businesses. The company also sets up, designs, markets and manages customizable virtual storefronts at their Internet domains.
	['', 'online shopping', ' ', 'online trade', ' ', 'e-business software', '']
BetterWorks (out of business)
	Provider of a platform designed to enable small and medium-sized businesses to engage, retain and reward employees.
	['', 'employee reward', ' ', 'employee engagement', ' ', 'employee retention', '']
Inboxer
	Provider of email archiving, electronic discovery and content monitoring systems. The company serves state and local governments, health care institutions and small and medium sized businesses.
	['', 'email archiving', ' ', 'content monitoring system', ' ', 'electronic discovery', ' ', 'email analysis', '']
Whaleback Managed Services
	Provider of an internet protocol telephony service and develops phone services for small and medium sized businesses. The company provides cloud based managed services for business communications.
	['', 'internet protocol telephony', ' ', 'telephony service', ' ', 'voice technology', '']
Verus Financial Management
	Provider of payment processing services to small and medium sized businesses. The company is a merchant services business specializing in credit card and cheque processing for small and medium-sized businesses (”SMEs”).
	['', 'merchant services', ' ', 'credit card processing', ' payroll ', 'payment processing services', '']
LogneX
	Provider of an online inventory management system. The company\'s software, MoySklad offers a new browser-based inventory management service for small and medium sized businesses that provides freedom of location and cost alternative to uphold daily communication, documentation and accounting.
	['', 'inventory management', ' warehouse documentation']
NetComp Insurance
	Distributor of worker\'s compensation insurance. The company distributes insurance to small and medium sized businesses through independent agents.
	['', 'worker compensation', ' ', 'compensation insurance', ' ', 'insurance distribution', '']
Intility
	Provider of IT outsourcing services. The company offers various services such as internet access, networks and servers to small and medium sized enterprises.
	['', 'IT outsourcing', ' ', 'IT platform', ' ', 'enterprise cloud solution', '']
