Allerez
	Provider of web-based information, real-time and disparate data sources. The company integrates disparate data sources in real-time, providing user-centric reporting and analytics.
	['', 'web based information', ' ', 'real time data', ' ', 'disparate data source', ' ', 'centric reporting', ' ', 'reporting analytic', '']
AirVend
	Developer and provider of a touchscreen device and software for vending-machine operators. The company develops an interactive touchscreen device and software that displays nutritional information, provides cashless options, and sends real-time data and alerts wirelessly. The company also provides a mobile software product that sends real-time market data, enabling vendors to adjust product offerings.
	['touchscreen ', 'vending machine', ' ', 'nutritional information', '']
Comenta TV
	Operator of a real time social television guide for Latin America and Brazil. The company operates an online social platform which hosts real time television shows in Latin America and Brazil.
	['', 'real time', ' ', 'television show', ' ', 'television guide', '']
Insightera
	Operator of a real-time B2B personalization platform. The company provides machine learning algorithms and software that helps marketers to capitalize on their existing assets by personalizing onsite experience.
	['', 'personalization software', ' ', 'customer acquisition', ' ', 'marketing platform', '']
Flotype
	Developer of real-time messaging technology. The company builds  developer-friendly technologies focused on ease-of-use and simplicity. It licenses its enterprise-grade middleware, Bridge, to customers ranging from social web and software enterprises to financial and fleet management groups. Other offerings include NowJS, a free, open-source framework, for developers seeking real-time interactivity on Node.js and JavaScript browsers; and NowCluster for companies seeking scalability for NowJS applications.
	['', 'real time messaging', ' ', 'real time communication', ' ', 'enterprise grade communication', '']
Augure
	Developer of influencer marketing software. The company develops public relations and influencer marketing software which assists companies and their agencies to detect their key influencers, build awareness, engage stakeholders and collect real time analytical metrics of their reputational impact.
	['', 'reputation management', ' ', 'real time metric', ' ', 'marketing software', '']
AdBrite
	Provider of an advertisement exchange platform. The company helps advertisers and publishers for selection and control by providing site-level transparency, display and video capabilities and an open platform for data providers and real-time bidders.
	['', 'Internet advertisement', ' ', 'open source platform', ' ', 'web marketing', ' ', 'advertisement exchange', ' ', 'advertisement network', '']
Ball-IT
	Provider of real-time wireless sensing solutions. The company is the provider of enabling devices and modules, as well as core software components for implementing consumer-level user interfaces. It sells its products through a worldwide network of senor and wireless-technology vendors.
	['', 'sensor technology', ' ', 'wireless sensor', ' ', 'user interface', '']
Armagent
	Developer of a software platform for artificial intelligence. The company provides real-time interactive environments for training, education and simulation of complex situations. Its software tools are used for simulation of physics, game development and rendering real-time graphics.
	['', 'Real-time simulation', ' ', 'Dynamic Path-finding', ' ', 'artificial intelligence', ' graphics']
E-glue Software Technologies
	Provider of real-time customer interaction management solutions. The company specialized in providing Real-Time Decisioning and Agent Guidance Solutions. The company offers InterAct suite, which performs information extraction from data source; InterAct executive suite, which enables users to set and communicate interaction management objectives based on business strategies; InterAct supervisor suite, which provides a view of interaction management performance from shift to shift; InterAct business expert suite, which is designed for the trained system user, and used to edit and input business rules to the system; and InterAct designer suite, which is used to create the base-level instructions for the decision engine.
	['', 'Customer Interaction Management Solutions', ' ', 'Agent Guidance Solutions', ' ', 'Call Center', '']
Shepherd Intelligent Systems
	Provider of real-time fleet management software services. The company offers a suite of software tools that provide real-time vehicle locations, predicted arrival times and route management analyses by using real-time GPS data to passengers and managers of public transportation and municipal systems.
	['', 'fleet management', ' ', 'software solution', ' ', 'route management', ' ', 'municipal system', '']
FreakOut
	Provider of digital marketing platforms. The company develops demand-side platform for smartphone advertising and real-time bidding.
	['']
HStreaming
	Provides of services and consulting for real time data streaming and processing. The company\'s technology delivers performance to companies, academia and governments with data and low-latency requirements.
	['', 'data streaming', ' ', 'data processing', ' ', 'online data', '']
Infoharmoni
	Provider of data visualization services. The company aggregates content, people, relationships and express them visually in real time.
	['', 'data visualization', ' ', 'visualization services', ' ', 'real time', '']
Coderloop
	Provider of real-time coding assessment platform.
	['', 'automated code evaluation', ' ', 'real time coding', ' ', 'puzzle solving', ' ', 'coder community', '']
Pintail Technologies
	Developer of real-time adaptive test technology for semiconductor manufacturing companies. The company offers SwifTest, an on-line adaptive test modules that run directly on the automated test equipment (ATE), and capture and analyze data in real-time; and TestScape, an optional database system, which accepts data in real-time from SwifTest and supports various data management applications.
	['', 'adaptive test technology', ' ', 'online adaptive test', ' ', 'database system', ' ', 'data management application', '']
System Management ARTS
	Provider of innovative real-time analysis software that ensures the availability and peak performance of network-dependent information systems. The company is focused to pinpoint the root cause of network problems.
	['', 'software solutions', '']
Kontexto
	Developer of software and services that acquire, analyze and visualize streaming real time data. The company offers publish-flow services that allow digital executives, editors, Web producers and analysts to monitor content viewing trends on their own Websites and content publishing trends on various public Websites and tag-cert, a cookie auditing and monitoring service for corporate, government, e-commerce and media organizations, which helps users to avoid various legal hazards introduced by a changing regulatory environment.
	['', 'streaming real data', ' ', 'cookie auditing', ' ', 'news monitoring', ' ', 'real time data', '']
Synchrony
	Developer of magnetic bearings, controls, and power systems for rotating machinery. The company offers magnetic bearings, magnetic bearing system, and oil-less drive train products. It also provides health monitoring software, which includes real time data presentation, trending and predictive analyses, and alarm functionality.
	['', 'rotating machinery developer', ' ', 'magnetic bearing system', ' ', 'heavy machinery provider', ' ', 'health monitoring software', '']
Ripfire
	Developer of integration software. The company integrates search, personalization, categorization and marketing analytics into a single, real-time data for e-commerce and content sites.
	['', 'integration software', ' ', 'marketing analytics', ' ', 'web analytics', '']
Hipbone
	Provider of real-time web interaction services for online sales and support. The company\'s products enable support center personnel to simultaneously view the same image of a Web page with prospects and customers while communicating with them using VoIP.
	['', 'web interaction service', ' ', 'web page sharing', ' ', 'online purchasing', '']
ParStream
	Developer of real-time database technology. The company\'s platform helps companies generate timely, actionable insights from IoT data by providing new and differentiated ways to analyze streaming and historical data.
	['', 'graphic processing unit', ' ', 'hybrid network architecture', ' ', 'web analytics', ' ', 'real time', '']
Celebrus Technologies
	Provider of customer intelligence tracking. The company is the creator of tag-free software enabling businesses to analyze customer interactions with their digital channels in real time. The technology is designed to build a complete picture of individual customers, and using the data to drive real-time personalization, one-to-one communications, cross-channel marketing, campaign optimization and fraud detection.
	['', 'customer analytics', ' SaaS ', 'intelligence tracking', '']
Leftronic
	Provider of a real time data visualization and status monitoring platform. The company develops a software which helps users to monitor metrics in real time through online business dashboards.
	['', 'data visualization', ' ', 'status monitoring', ' ', 'business dashboard', '']
MetaCarta (Enterprise Group)
	Developer of e-commerce tools and services. The company provides geographic intelligence solutions, map-driven geographic search, geographic referencing and data visualization capabilities.
	['', 'geographic intelligence solutions', ' ', 'geographic search', ' ', 'wireless services', ' ', 'location-based application', '']
Acta Technology
	Provider of a real-time data integration software platform. The company provides batch and real-time data integration platform for the extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) segment.
	['', 'data integration platform', ' real-time']
TurbiSense
	Provider of in-line real time turbidity measurement equipment for the pharmaceutical industry and related applications. The company\'s equipment assists in accurately measuring liquids with air bubbles.
	['pharmaceutical ', 'turbidity measurement', ' robot']
Geomerics
	Developer and provider of graphics technology to customers in the games and entertainment industries. The company\'s product, Enlighten, is used to monitor lightening in real-time gaming.
	['', 'graphics technology', ' ', 'computer game', ' ', 'entertainment industry', '']
ART Healthcare
	Developer of tube-feeding technology for the heatlhcare sector. The company is creating a new technology for enteral nourishment of patients. The system includes physiological monitoring and real-time prevention of aspiration pneumonia.
	['', 'physiological monitoring', ' ', 'enteral feeding', ' enteral ', 'tube feeding', '']
