Fredio
	Developer of a video broadcasting application. The company offers internet video content accessible on internet connected consumer electronics devices such as internet connected TVs, Blu-Ray players and game consoles.
	['', 'video broadcasting', ' ', 'Blu-Ray', ' ', 'game consoles', '']
Metaboli (White Label Division)
	Provider of download stores for game publishers. The business offers commerce-as-a-service solutions for publishers of video games and their online retailers.
	['', 'video game', ' ', 'digital game', ' ', 'gaming console', '']
Sight & Sound Distributors
	Distributor of home videos, video games and related accessories. The company buys prerecorded tapes from movie studios and sells them to retailers, including regional supermarket chains and video stores. Local customers include Video Update, Dierbergs Markets, Blockbuster franchises and several smaller independent stores. The stores both rent and sell the videos.
	['', 'video distributor', ' ', 'distribution service', ' ', 'video distribution service', '']
Metacafe
	Provider of online video. The company specializes in short-form original content. It operates a Video Games hub, which features trailers, reviews, news, interviews and walkthroughs for video game releases in various gaming platforms.
	['', 'online video', ' ', 'content filter', ' ', 'video sharing', ' entertainment']
Realtime Worlds
	Developer of video games.
	['', 'video game', '']
World Cyber Games
	Organizer and operator of international video game tournaments. The company organizes gaming tournaments, conferences and exhibitions.
	['', 'video game', ' ', 'video game tournament', ' ', 'cyber game', '']
Dark Water Studios
	Provider and developer of video games. The company develops computer and video games through its studio based in Derry, Northern Ireland.
	['', 'computer game', ' ', 'video game', ' ', 'game studio', '']
Arush Entertainment
	Developer of video and computer games. The company publishes interactive entertainment software for personal computers and entertainment consoles.
	['', 'computer game', ' ', 'video game', ' ', 'interactive entertainment software', '']
5min Media
	Operator of a syndication platform for broadband instructional, knowledge, and lifestyle videos, as well as DIY projects. The company\'s platform features content from media companies and independent producers in various categories, such as arts, automobiles, business, extreme, fashion, fitness, food, games, health, home, music, parenting, people, pets, spiritual, sports, technology, travel, life tips, knowledge, and video games.
	['', 'lifestyle video', ' ', 'syndication platform', ' ', 'health video', ' ', 'video solution', '']
Fifth Dimension
	Developer of video games for children. The company develops and publishes computer games based on popular children’s TV brands such as Tweenies, Teletubbies, Fimbles and RobotWars.
	['', 'video games', ' ', 'computer games', ' ', "children\\'s games", '']
Humongous Entertainment
	Developer of computer video games. The company develops educational games for children.
	['', 'computer games', ' ', 'educational games', ' ', 'video games', '']
Blade Games
	Provider of video game development solutions and outsourcing services for developers, students, and professional studios.The company provides a development platform that enables users to develop, share, and play with a subscription model, as well as offers a marketplace that enables hobbyists and professionals to buy and sell digital assets.
	['', 'video game development', ' ', 'outsourcing service', ' ', 'digital asset', ' ', 'video game', '']
Electronic Arts
	The Company develops, markets, publishes and distributes video game software and content played by consumers, including video game consoles, personal computers, handheld game players and cellular handsets. It also provides online game-related services.
	['']
Cranium
	Provider of games, toys, puzzles and books. The company provides board games, as well as spare parts for games, books and toys for preschool, kids, family and adults and teens. It has operations in the United States, Canada, Australia, Denmark, Finland, Hong Kong, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand, Norway, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.
	['', 'board game', ' ', 'game spare parts', ' ', 'creator of book', ' ', "children\\'s vehicles", ' ', 'game and toy', '']
W&W Communications
	Developer of video compression software and hardware solutions for video-enabled consumer, professional, enterprise, and infrastructure platforms. The company’s products are used for video conferencing and telepresence, live video broadcast, video surveillance, and mobile telephony infrastructure video transcoding.
	['', 'video compression software', ' ', 'video conferencing', ' ', 'video telepresence', ' ', 'live video broadcast', ' ', 'mobile telephony infrastructure', '']
Ndoors
	Developer of video games. The company develops and publishes MMORPGs (Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Games) like Atlantica Online and Goonzu.
	['MMORPGs ', 'Role-Playing', ' Goonzu']
TurboBOTZ
	Developer of e-retailing platform to serve video game buyers and sellers. The company offers a place where used video games can be bought or sold.
	['e-retailing ', 'online retail', ' ', 'video-game buying', ' ', 'video-game selling', ' ', 'used video-game', '']
Vollee
	Provider of PC and console-quality games on 3G mobile devices with a development & porting process. Their hosted software platform is designed to enable intelligent adaptation and real-time delivery of commercial games.
	['', 'video gaming', ' ', 'porting process', ' ', 'intelligent adaptation', '']
Kiwatch
	Developer of video-monitoring surveillance platform. The company develops a platform which allows for WiFi video monitoring of premises through computer or smartphone.
	['', 'video monitoring', ' ', 'home security', ' ', 'Electronic Component', '']
