ultraBridge
	Provider of a technology service to the long term care industry. The company provides its clients with a management service to their data and business reporting needs using outsourcing.
	['', 'technology service', ' ', 'care industry', ' ', 'management service', '']
Nelson House
	Operator of a mental rehabilitation hospital. The company offers care and treatment to male patients aged between 18 and 65.
	['', 'rehabilitation hospital', ' ', 'mental health', ' ', 'male patients', '']
6 Wunderkinder
	Provider of a business task management software with online synchronization. The company provides an interface to track everything from grocery shopping to long-term travel plans.
	['', 'task management software', ' ', 'online synchronization', ' ', 'productivity software', '']
American Transitional Hospitals
	Provider of long-term specialty transitional care. The company provides transitional care facilities for subacute patients.
	['', 'transitional care', ' ', 'specialty care', ' ', 'subacute patients', '']
EndoProtech
	Developer of therapies for organ transplantation and invasive cardiovascular surgery. The company\'s technology helps in delivery and long term display of bio-therapeutics on the surface of vascular endothelium which enables close monitoring and protection of vascular surfaces.
	['', 'organ transplantation', ' ', 'cardiovascular surgery', ' ', 'vascular surfaces', ' bio-therapeutics']
Bridge Pharmaceuticals
	Provider of preclinical services. The company conducts drug development and preclinical services which include short and long-term in vivo studies ranging from acute to carcinogenicity protocols.
	['', 'preclinical service', ' ', 'drug development', ' ', 'reproductive toxicology', '']
Daverci
	Provider of electronic medication management systems. The company\'s system provides long-term care facilities and institutional pharmacies that supplies them.
	['medication tracking ', 'design support', '']
CareCentric Solutions
	Provider of  technology, business operation and outsourcing solutions. The company provides technology, business operation and outsourcing solutions for home health, private duty, hospice, home medical equipment, home pharmacy, long-term care and assisted living providers.
	['', 'managed care', ' ', 'outsource solution', ' ', 'home pharmacy', '']
VHA Long Term Care
	Provider of long-term health care facilities.
	['']
Sage Electrochromics
	Manufacturer and seller of insulating glass units and control systems to window and skylight manufacturers. The company also provides windows, skylights, and curtain walls for commercial and institutional buildings. It offers its products to owner-occupied office spaces, museums, libraries, art galleries, health care facilities, religious facilities, aviation facilities, high-tech or image buildings, and atriums and overhead daylight openings.
	['', 'insulated glass', ' ', 'curtain walls', ' skylight ', 'overhead daylight', '']
Mariner Health
	Provider of sub-acute medical services. The company provides long-term health care services offering assistance through nursing facilities and long-term acute care hospitals which includes daily living, therapy and rehabilitation.
	['', 'medical services', ' ', 'long-term health care', ' ', 'daily living', ' therapy']
