Waywire
	Provider of a social artery for video news. The company\'s network provides original, syndicated and community created video content, allowing people to develop informed opinions on topics and then engage in positive debates and discussions.
	['', 'social artery', ' ', 'video news', ' ', 'social video', '']
Context Media Technologies
	Provider of social news. The company provides news mainly from the social networks.
	['', 'social news reader', ' ', 'online social news', ' ', 'social news summary', ' ', 'content discovery', ' ', 'content publishing', '']
The Taploid
	Provider of digital tabloid for social networks. The company\'s application takes social data of users friends from the web and turns that data into a magazine containing relevant stories, news, silly gossip and funny interactions.
	['', 'digital tabloid', ' ', 'online data', ' ', 'data conversion', '']
Storyful
	Operator of news agency of the social media age. The company helps journalists, broadcasters and publishers filter breaking news, trending stories and local sources from the noise of social media. It helps newsrooms and publishers create newswires designed to meet the needs of their target audiences.
	['', 'social news', ' ', 'news agency', ' ', 'social news gathering', ' ', 'news client', '']
Alphonso Labs
	Provider of news reading application platform. The company enables users to consume news on mobile phones and tablets.
	['', 'news reading application', ' ', 'news application', ' ', 'mobile news', ' ', 'news reader', '']
La Estrella Digital
	Operator of an e-newspaper. The company provides news on emerging markets, finance, international news, management, politics and technology.
	['', 'e-newspaper', ' ', 'emerging markets', ' politics']
YellowBrix
	Provider of syndicated news content for portals and intranets. The company offers content analytics solutions that provide insight into market and business intelligence on companies, people, products, topics, brands.
	['', 'syndicated news', ' ', 'news content analytic', ' ', 'content infrastructure service', '']
My turkmedya
	Operator of a local news and social sharing platform. The company serves 81 provinces, 1,518 towns, 36,000 villages, 16,000 neighborhoods, 50,000 primary schools, 7,250 high schools and 150 universities in Turkey.
	['', 'local news', ' ', 'social sharing platform', ' ', 'social platform', '']
Fafarazzi
	Provider of an entertainment platform. The company provides entertainment news, pop culture games, social forums as well as fantasy celebrity leagues for its users. It brings together the idea of social networking plus celebrities.
	['', 'social software', ' ', 'entertainment platform', ' ', 'pop culture game', ' ', 'entertainment news', '']
Thirst Labs
	Provider of a software that enables people to interact and engage with social media. The company provides a platform that sorts and organizes social media, blogs and other online content. It gives users a single interface to track, post and comment on news topics from multiple users and online sources.
	['', 'social interaction', ' ', 'news content', ' ', 'social news', '']
BiTnews Media
	Operator of a video news platform. The company is a crowd-powered news channel focusing on decentralization initiatives and technologies such as crypto currencies, P2P energy grids, urban farming, direct democracy, three dimensional printing, decentralized internet, mesh networks and others.
	['', 'video news platform', ' ', 'digital currency', ' ', 'media platform', ' ', 'decentralized technology', '']
Football4You
	Operator of a social network platform for football fans. The company provides an opportunity to gather news from leading football internet portals based on football sympathies and preferences of a particular user.
	['blog ', 'football fans', ' playground']
Handmark
	Developer of mobile media services for mobile devices. The company offers Tantao News Mobile Reader for BlackBerry smartphones that features global and domestic news generated by Chinese news sources.
	['', 'entertainment tool', ' ', 'mobile reader', ' ', 'signature rating', ' ', 'online reservation', ' database']
