Glancee
	Provider of is an application for iPhone, Android and Facebook.
	['', 'application provider', ' ', 'friend finder', ' ', 'social discovery tool', '']
Chomp
	Promoter of iPhone/iPod Touch applications. The company offers an application search platform providing information on the functionalities of various applications.
	['', 'consumer service', ' ', 'commercial products', ' ', 'application search platform', '']
Supplybase
	Provider of e-Business solutions. The company through its internet and various distribution channels, delivers information and tools to purchasing, engineering, design and sourcing professionals.
	['', 'e-Business', '']
Croice
	Provider of a mobile application for bloggers. The company provides a platform for bloggers to create and share audio streams.
	['', 'audio stream', ' ', 'blogging platform', ' ', 'audio broadcasting', '']
Exalead
	Provider of a search software for business and the web. The company provides a unified search technology platform for desktop, intranet or web search which provides users with a single access point to information, regardless of format or location.
	['data-center ', 'information access platform', ' scalability']
Yobble
	Developer of a hybrid hardware/software technology for iPhone. The company is a mobile motion sensing platform for applications that need regular touch interfaces.
	['', 'music game', ' ', 'motion control', ' ', 'air guitar', ' ', 'mobile motion', ' ', 'consumer electronic', '']
Amazon Robotics
	Developer of mobile material handling solutions for the storage, movement and sortation of products. The company\'s mobile fulfillment system include ItemFetch for picking items OrderFetch, a sortation system for routing orders to the dock door and CaseFetch, which delivers pallets to workers for case picking or forward replenishment.
	['', 'material handling', ' ', 'mobile material handling', ' ', 'sortation system', '']
Openera
	Provider of mobile application services. The company provides an application that help users to find any file or attachment in two taps and automatically saves email attachments to cloud services like Dropbox, Google Drive, Box and Salesforce.
	['', 'mobile application service', ' ', 'email attachment', ' ', 'cloud service', '']
Nokia gate5
	Developer of location based information technology on mobile devices. The company provides a platform for mapping, route planning, content management and personal navigation. Its products include smart2go, a client side global map and search application for GPS-equipped mobile handsets and OEM navigation software for PNDs and PDAs.
	['', 'location based', ' ', 'information technology', ' ', 'navigation software', '']
Grokr
	Provider of a mobile search application for the iPhone. The company\'s mobile application delivers information to users by anticipating what they would search for.
	['', 'cognitive Web', ' ', 'cognitive service', ' ', 'information application', ' ', 'search application', ' ', 'information search', ' ', 'mobile search', ' ', 'information delivery', '']
Moves
	Developer and provider of a pedometer that works with iPhone. The company\'s products use sensor and location information from the user\'s iPhone to record any activities users do and using location technology, can recognize routes of travel and locations. It enables users to track their activities and distances logged on a daily basis.
	['pedometer ', 'fitness application', ' ', 'activity tracker', '']
FoodieQuest
	Provider of a food photography and restaurant search application. The company offers an online software that integrates with existing social platforms and creates a competitive game centered around smartphone food photos and direct competition between users.
	['', 'food photography', ' ', 'platform software', '']
