BlueSpace Software
	Provider of cross domain applications and electronic messaging. The company serves the defense and intelligence communities by enabling the widespread adoption of multi-level security applications to help achieve US information dominance.
	['', 'cross domain application', ' ', 'defense services', ' ', 'electronic messaging', ' ', 'security applications', '']
Micro Technologies
	Developer of transformational security devices. The company provides security products, including vehicle security systems, fleet monitoring systems, bike security systems among others.
	['', 'vehicle security system', ' ', 'fleet monitoring system', ' ', 'security system', '']
EdgeSeven
	Provider of information security that delivers situational awareness capabilities to organizations.
	['', 'situational awareness', ' ', 'secured content', ' ', 'secured data', ' ', 'security services', '']
BioID
	Developer of multimodal biometric-security systems. The company provides camera-based cloud recognition services to protect Internet and mobile users from identity  and data theft.
	['', 'cloud authentication', ' recognition multifactor ', 'multimodal biometric authentication', ' ', 'face recognition', ' ', 'iris recognition', ' ', 'voice recognition', '']
SafeCentral
	Developer of security software applications and technologies for data loss prevention. The company offers software solutions and services for web browsing that provide security against identity theft by locking out desktop malware and establishing web connections. Its technology block key-loggers, screen-scrapers, and other malware agents; ensure a connection to the actual site; and provide protection for seamless integration into user’s existing browsing habits.
	['', 'security software application', ' ', 'data loss prevention', ' ', 'data security', '']
Cortex Vision Systems
	Provider of automated video surveillance products. The company offers various security systems for industrial, commercial, governmental and high-end residential applications.
	['surveillance ', 'smart camera', ' ', 'security systems', '']
Netect
	Provider of security software. The company provides security assessment and systems management software that identify and close security holes to prevent internal and external network intrusions, including attempts to hack into a network via the Internet.
	['', 'security malware', ' ', 'network security', ' ', 'security assessment', ' ', 'system management software', '']
Infosec
	Provider of products and services for cyber-security. The company offers various services including security management consulting, secure technology consulting, development and operation of security systems and managed security services.
	['cyber-security ', 'security management', ' ', 'security systems', '']
AEP Networks
	Developer of security and communications technologies to governments, enterprises and carriers in the United Kingdom and internationally. The company\'s products include Series A Secure Application Access, which is available as hardware or virtual appliance that enables secure web browser access to a range of business applications, Series E IPSec VPN Encryptor, an independently assured encryptor that protects IP traffic across networks, Series K Hardware Security Module, a hardware security module designed to generate, store and protect cryptographic keys for mission critical applications that demand maximum security and Series V Managing, a heterogeneous network that is used by armies and other agencies that require fast, reliable and secure deployable communications.
	['', 'security application', ' ', 'communication technology', ' ', 'IP traffic', ' ', 'hardware appliance', '']
Senforce Technologies
	Provider of endpoint security solutions to the endpoint security enforcement market.
	['', 'personal firewall', ' ', 'endpoint security', ' ', 'security solution', '']
Nitrosecurity
	Developer of security information and compliance management solutions that protect business information and infrastructure. The company offers products, including NitroView Enterprise Security Manager, NitroView LogCaster, and NitroGuard.
	['', 'security information', ' ', 'business infrastructure', ' ', 'compliance management', ' ', 'analytical tool', ' ', 'data collection', ' ', 'event management', '']
Reliant Protective Services
	Provider of professional protective services. The company provides protection services which includes residential security, corporate security, loss prevention, executive body guard, executive transportation, armed security, rapid response team, private investigation to children, homes and businesses.
	['', 'residential security', ' ', 'corporate security', ' ', 'loss prevention', ' ', 'armed security', '']
Avo Photonics
	Manufacturer of environmental control, fire and gas detection and security products. The company provides custom design and contract manufacturing services to customers in the military/aerospace, medical, communications, and commercial markets.
	['', 'environmental control', ' ', 'gas detection', ' ', 'security products', '']
Karotek Systemer
	Provider of security systems for retail and cash handling and desktop security systems. The company specializes in the production of ballistic protection systems for vehicles and passenger cars. It also provides protection against anti-personnel, anti-tank blast mines and security systems for armored cash and bullion vans to prevent loss.
	['', 'cash handling', ' ', 'armor security', ' ', 'specialist vehicle', ' ', 'desktop security system', ' ', 'defense system', ' ', 'modular system', ' ', 'security service', ' ', 'security glass', '']
CipherMax
	Provider of an enterprise-class storage security solution for securing information assets and achieving compliance with government regulations. The company offers a storage security system for tapes that provides line-speed encryption processing and centralized security administration solutions for legacy.
	['', 'storage security solution', ' ', 'government regulation', ' ', 'storage security system', ' ', 'centralized security', ' ', 'encryption processing', '']
NetOctave
	Developer of Internet security solutions that provide high-performance, turnkey system security. The company designs security processors and accelerator boards that protect high-speed network communications. It builds security processors and security accelerator boards and cards for the SSL, IPsec and IP Storage markets.
	['', 'internet services', ' ', 'Monitoring & Security', ' ', 'Network Security', '']
Infrared Integrated Systems
	Provider of thermal-technology products. The company designs, develops and manufactures radiometric thermal imagers, people counters, security sensors and other thermal-detection solutions for a wide range of commercial applications, including security, healthcare, supermarkets and smart-building technologies.
	['', 'thermal technology', ' ', 'thermal imager', ' ', 'thermal imagers', ' ', 'people counter', ' ', 'people counters', ' ', 'security sensors', ' ', 'thermal detection', ' ', 'thermal', '']
Redspin
	Provider of information security assessments, risk management and compliance services. The company specializes in IT and web application security assessments, HIPAA security risk analysis, penetration testing and mobile device security assessments.
	['', 'information security', ' ', 'information security assessments', ' ', 'penetration testing', ' ', 'security audits', '']
