Combrio
	Provider of remote product services (RPS) software to managed services, enterprise information technology and industrial automation organizations to monitor and manage remote devices. The company’s products include Virtual Service Infrastructure software solution (VSI), an RPS ecosystem that provides the service delivery solutions for service providers, remote device monitoring and management solutions for service organizations and the service control solutions for enterprises.
	['', 'remote product services', ' ', 'managed services', ' ', 'enterprise information technology', ' ', 'industrial automation', ' ', 'remote devices', '']
OakNet Publishing
	Provider of newsletter mailing service and ezine ad agency.
	['', 'newsletter mailing', ' ', 'mailing service', ' ', 'ad agency', '']
CarrierChoice
	Provider of procurement services for digital communications. The company works with enterprise clients in sourcing and buying data, Internet, hosting and voice services, using proprietary technology reinforced through vendor-neutral support.
	['', 'Internet services', ' ', 'telecommunications services', ' ', 'data services', '']
Corticon Technologies
	Provider of business rules management solutions for companies to model and automate recurring decisions in their enterprise systems. The company offers a Management System that manages the rules that drive decisions, including design, analysis, execution, and optimization. Its suite includes a desktop environment to model, analyze, test, and package business rules; a performance execution engine that deploys rules from the Modeling Studio as decision services; a package of integrated components that deliver enterprise data integration and analysis for decision automation; and a system that provides multi-user environment to manage rule assets through their lifecycle.
	['', 'business rules management', ' ', 'automate recurring decision', ' ', 'enterprise system', ' ', 'performance execution engine', ' ', 'integrated component', ' ', 'decision automation', '']
BroadHop
	Provider of policy control and service management. The company provides policy control services to telecom service providers to make control, monetize and personalize any service, regardless of whether the network has new or legacy components, in-network or third-party services, wired or wireless access technologies.
	['', 'network control', ' ', 'network management', ' ', 'network policy management', '']
VocalData
	Developer of service delivery soft switches and service platforms. The company enables communications carriers to deliver telephony and communications services on next generation networks (NGNs).
	['', 'service delivery', ' ', 'service platform', ' ', 'communication service', '']
Wisor Telecom
	Provider of e-sourcing solutions for communications services. The company\'s products control service inventory, help in auditing, reconciliation of vendor/supplier invoices, manage vendor performance, facilitate on-time service delivery and manage service rules.
	['', 'communication services', ' ', 'service management', '']
Maximum Data Solutions
	Provider of data collection and warehouse management technology solutions. The company operates as an independent software vendor of automated data collection hardware and software for companies that utilize the Microsoft Dynamics GP ERP packages. Its software products include InTouch Distribution, a module which connects, collects, and controls various aspects of Microsoft Dynamics GP receiving, order fulfillment, and inventory control functions; and InTouch Manufacturing, a solution developed for the purpose of acquiring and entering information about the inventory and processes.
	['', 'warehouse management technology', ' ', 'data collection', ' ', 'inventory information entering', '']
