Dscovered
	Developer of a genetic algorithm for design. The company develops a genetic algorithm for design that simplifies creative processes. It also helps match clients with graphic designers who share their taste and style.
	['', 'graphic design', ' ', 'genetic algorithm', ' ', 'designing platform', '']
Rose Pharma
	Developer of therapies for irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and functional dyspepsia (FD). The company is focused on novel treatments for IBS and FD, with a platform technology that is based on a glucagon-like peptide (GLP-1).
	['', 'irritable bowel syndrome', ' ', 'functional dyspepsia', ' ', 'peptide hormones', ' ', 'gastrointestinal diseases', '']
Valocor Therapeutics
	Developer of therapies to treat dermatological diseases. The company focuses on moderate to severe acne, acne and oily skin, atopic dermatitis, and viltiligo areas.
	['dermatology ', 'skin treatment', ' ', 'skin therapy', ' ', 'acne treatment', ' ', 'atopic dermatistis', ' ', 'oily skin treatment', '']
DNA Direct
	Provider of genetic guidance and decision support solutions for genetics that enable individuals and healthcare providers use genetic information to guide healthcare decisions. The company\'s solution include pre-test questionnaire, genetics call centers, personalized reports, clinical policy and compliance, and physician education and program customization services, as well as prenatal primer, a web-based interactive guide to prenatal testing options. It also offers tests and services for consumers, including screening tests, testing for genetic disorders, testing for drug response, genetic consultation, DNA storage, and paternity and family tests.
	['', 'genetic guidance', ' ', 'genetic information', ' ', 'healthcare decision', ' ', 'genetic call center', ' ', 'screening test', '']
ProstaLund
	Developer of urological devices and treatments.  The company\'s principal product, CoreTherm, is a microwave therapy treatment for BPH (benign prostatic hyperplasia).
	['bph urology prostate ', 'benign prostatic hyperplasia', ' coretherm ', 'urological device', '']
Lunar
	Developer of  bone disease diagnostic systems. The company develops, manufactures and markets bone densitometers and other related medical equipments and products for the treatment of osteoporosis and other metabolic bone diseases that causes excessive bone loss due to aging.
	['', 'bone diseases', ' osteoporosis ', 'bone densitometers', ' ', 'bone loss', ' ', 'metabolic bone disease', '']
RepRegen
	Developer of bio-active materials for orthopedic and dental applications. The company\'s products are used for bone grafting, hard tissue repair and regeneration.
	['', 'bio-active materials', ' ', 'dental applications', ' ', 'bone grafting', ' ', 'tissue repair', ' ', 'tissue regeneration', '']
Aires Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of therapies for pulmonary vascular disorders. The company develops therapies to treat pulmonary vascular disorders such as pulmonary arterial hypertension and pulmonary hypertension due to heart failure.
	['', 'pulmonary disorder', ' ', 'bacterial pulmonary', ' ', 'cystic fibrosis', '']
Enobia Pharma
	Developer of therapies to treat genetic bone disorders for which there are no approved treatments. The company’s products are used for the treatment of hypophosphatasia (HPP).
	['', 'enzyme replacement', ' hypophosphatasia ', 'bone disorder', ' biotechnology ', 'bone mineralization', ' ', 'bone disease', '']
Influence (Urological Technologies)
	Developer of healthcare therapies. The company provides therapies for urinary incontinence, atonic bladder disorder and other urological disorders as well as treatment for coronary disease.
	['', 'urological disorder', ' ', 'urinary ailment', ' ', 'coronary disease', ' ', 'healthcare technology', ' ', 'urinary incontinence', '']
Spinal Concepts
	Provider of devices for neck and back surgery. The company delivers implants used in the treatment of spinal disorders, diseases and injuries.
	['', 'neck surgery', ' ', 'back surgery', ' ', 'lower back surgery', ' ', 'spinal disorders', ' ', 'surgical devices', '']
Omthera Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of therapies for the treatment of lipid disorders. The company is developing therapies focused on dyslipidemia, a lipid disorder resulting in elevated triglycerides and increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
	['triglyceride ', 'pharmaceutical therapy', ' ', 'lipid disorder', ' ', 'cardiovascular risk', ' ', 'heart disease', '']
