Gecko Health Innovations
	Provider of an asthma monitoring device. The company\'s device provides reminders and increases disease awareness among its users to better manage their asthma.
	['', 'monitoring program', ' ', 'monitoring platform', ' ', 'asthma tool', ' ', 'monitoring device', '']
Angiotech Pharmaceuticals
	Angiotech Pharmaceuticals Inc is a pharmaceutical and medical device company that develops, manufactures and markets medical device products and technologies, primarily within the areas of interventional oncology, wound closure and ophthalmology. The Company currently operates in two segments: Medical Device Technologies and Licensed Technologies. Its Medical Device Technologies segment generates the majority of its revenue, develops, manufactures and markets a wide range of single use medical device products, as well as precision manufactured medical device components. These products and components are sold directly to hospitals, clinics, physicians and other end users, as well as to medical products distributors or other third-party medical device manufacturers. Its Licensed Technologies segment includes certain of its legacy technologies for which research and development activities have been concluded. This segment generates additional revenue in the form of royalties received from partners who have licensed and utilize these technologies in their medical device product lines. The Medical Device Technologies segment manufactures and markets single-use specialty medical device products and medical device components. These products are sold directly to end users or other third-party medical device manufacturers. This segment contains significant manufacturing capabilities as well as specialized direct and indirect sales and distribution capabilities. Many of its medical products are made using proprietary manufacturing processes and may be protected by its patent portfolio or proprietary know-how. Its significant product groups within this business segment include Interventional Oncology, Wound Closure, Ophthalmology and Medical Device Components. The Licensed Technologies segment includes certain of its legacy technologies for which research and development activities have been concluded. This segment generates additional revenue in the form of royalties received from partners who have licensed and utilize these technologies in their medical device product lines. Its principal revenues in this segment to date have been royalties derived from sales by its partner BSC of TAXUS paclitaxel-eluting coronary stents for the treatment of coronary artery disease. The Company markets and sells various medical device products through a group of specialized sales organizations that consist of direct sales and marketing personnel, which in some cases are supplemented by independent sales representatives and independent medical products distributors, depending on the product category, customer base or geographic location. The research and development, manufacturing, labeling, advertising, sale, marketing and third-party reimbursement of its medical device products and those of the Company\'s suppliers, customers and partners are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, and comparable regulatory agencies in state and local jurisdictions and in foreign countries. The Company faces competition from companies marketing, selling and developing medical device or other medical technologies that target the same diseases, clinical indications, customers or markets that its technologies target, as well as competition from other manufacturers of medical device components who sell to similar third party medical device manufacturers, including to some of its current customers.
	['', 'medical product', ' ', 'pharmaceutical drug', ' ', 'health care', '']
LumeRx
	Developer and provider of a cure for peptic ulcer disease that uses visible light. The Company is a development stage medical device company which is developing a  technology for light-based therapies to treat diseases caused by bacterial and other pathogenic infections, including a single-treatment endoscopic therapy for peptic ulcer disease.
	['', 'medical device', ' ', 'peptic ulcer disease', ' ', 'medical technology', ' Electromedical Electrotherapeutic']
Refractec
	Provider of ophthalmic medical device. The company develops proprietary technology that would help baby boomers improve their near vision.
	['', 'Healthcare services', '']
Eleme Medical
	Developer of laser techniques, systems  and protocol for the treatment of fat and cellulite. The company provides product with Photomology technology for the temporary reduction in the appearance of cellulite and a a medical device for laser-assisted lipolysis, which is used in body shaping and skin tightening of localized areas.
	['', 'body shaping technology', ' ', 'photomology technology', ' ', 'temporary cellulite reduction', ' ', 'skin tightening', '']
Pillkey Productions
	Creator of a medication-management device. The company\'s device provides provides users with information about the medication they are taking, as well as scheduling when they should take it.
	['', 'pill scheduler', ' ', 'medication managing', ' ', 'pill information', ' ', 'medical services', '']
Service Vortex
	Developer of software products designed to improve a manufacturer\'s ability to support its products in the field. The company develops software products, both custom and standard, that help make service operations efficient. The company focuses on the medical device, medical equipment and laboratory equipment markets.
	['', 'software product', ' ', 'service operation', ' ', 'laboratory equipment market', ' ', 'electronic parts catalogues', '']
InterCure
	Provider of a medical device called RESPeRATE. The company\'s product helps in reducing blood pressure. RESPeRATE is a non drug treatment device.
	['', 'blood pressure', ' ', 'bp device', ' ', 'medical device', ' ', 'blood pressure device', '']
Semprus BioSciences
	Developer of implantable and permanently antimicrobial coating technology for the medical device market. The company\'s application technology allows coating of devices of virtually various sizes, shapes, or materials.
	['', 'antimicrobial coating', ' ', 'medical device market', '']
Medical Device Innovations
	Developer of single use medical devices for therapeutic or interventional use. The company identifies, evaluates, acquires and develops medical device technologies. It focuses on medical device development.
	['', 'healthcare service', ' ', 'therapeutic device', ' ', 'healthcare supplies', '']
MedPage Today
	Provider of online medical news service for physicians and healthcare professionals. The company develops online medical education programs that provide articles, as well as offers medical meetings information.
	['', 'online medical education', ' ', 'health solution', ' fitness lifestyle ', 'health advertising', ' ', 'health information', '']
TriVirix International
	Manufacturer of electronic and electromechanical medical device. The company manufactures elector-mechanical systems and biotech equipment.
	['', 'electromechanical medical device', ' ', 'biotech equipment', ' ', 'therapautic devices', ' ', 'diagnostic devices', ' ', 'surgical equipments', ' ', 'monitoring equipment', '']
Raland Technologies
	Provider of regulatory consulting, training, and integration services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, medical device, and energy industry. The company\'s software, LogIt! is an integrated system that allows users throughout the facility to enter equipment recordings and then store them securely, eliminating the need for paper-based logbook creation, data entry, review, and storage. The company also offers LearnLink which is a dynamic portal for delivering content like e-learning courses, videos and technical documentation to employees, customers, and prospects.
	['', 'Regulatory Consulting', ' ', 'Learning Solution', ' ', 'medical device', ' ', 'specialized training', '']
Nanogram Devices
	Developer of products for nanomaterial based power sources for medical device applications.
	['', 'medical device application', ' ', 'biomedical application', ' ', 'cardiac therapy', ' nanomaterial']
InnoLap Surgical
	Operator of a medical device company developing a microlaparoscopy platform for scarless laparoscopic procedures. The company\'s device reduces incision diameter, enabling surgeons the ability to perform scarless laparoscopic surgeries.
	['microlaparoscopy ', 'scarless laproscopy', ' incision']
Medical Gas Solutions
	Manufacturer and distributor of a medical gases and device. The company manufacturer medical gases and associated equipment for emergency use in medical line by emergency service personnel, healthcare professionals and first aiders.
	['', 'medical gas', ' ', 'medical equipment', ' emergency']
On Demand Therapeutics
	Developer of a drug-delivery implant to treat retinal diseases. The company creates relationships with pharmaceutical and medical-device companies to develop ophthalmic products based on the device.
	['', 'retinal disease treatment', ' ', 'ophthalmic therapy', ' ', 'drug delivery', '']
EndoMetabolic Solutions
	Developer of proprietary medical device. The company is the developer of a device for treating obesity.
	['', 'obesity treatment', ' ', 'weight loss', '']
Oxford Labs
	Manufacturer of disposable medical products.
	['', 'medical product', ' ', 'disposable product', '']
PreferredTime
	Operator of a sales representative coordination company. The company coordinates interactions between medical offices and pharmaceutical representatives by serving medical offices and pharmaceutical firms.
	['', 'coordination company', ' ', 'commercial service', '']
Heartscape Technologies
	Developer and marketer of medical devices. The company offers PRIME ECG System, a medical device designed for the diagnosis of heart attacks and ischemia.
	['', 'medical device', ' ', 'heart attack', ' ', 'chest pain', ' ischemia']
Artemis Medical
	Developer of medical device systems for the surgical and interventional treatment of breast and other cancers.
	['', 'surgical treatment', ' ', 'interventional treatment', ' ', 'breast cancer', '']
Genus Medical
	Manufacturer of the medical devices for the home care and  . The company manufactures, designs and distribute the medical device and product for home use.
	['', 'medical distribution', ' ', 'medical care', ' rehabilitation']
HealthMedia
	Developer of scalable behavior change interventions for health and wellness, disease management, behavioral health and medication compliance. The company develops specialty programs for pharmaceutical firms and medical device manufacturers in the areas of drug and alcohol addiction, mental illness, CAD/CHF, hypertension, HIV/AIDS, and a host of applications for various pharmaceutical issues.
	['', 'disease management', ' ', 'science model', ' ', 'data integration', ' ', 'data analysis', '']
