Hamilton Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of medical treatments for diseases related to central nervous system. The company engages in the development of late-stage products for neurology and psychiatry.
	['', 'medical treatment', ' ', 'medical product', ' ', 'psychiatric disease', '']
Cytion
	Developer of drug screening technology. The company has developed drug screening technology for the functional analysis of ion channel proteins.
	['', 'drug screening technology', ' ', 'ion channel protein', ' ', 'drug development', '']
Capsant Neurotechnologies
	Provider of a technology platform based on organotypic slice cultures. The company focuses on solving problems in the discovery of novel targets and drugs for central nervous system disorders such as stroke, trauma, epilepsy, Parkinson\'s and Alzheimer\'s.
	['', 'drug evaluation', ' ', 'organotypic slice culture', ' ', 'nervous system disorder', '']
Myelos Neurosciences
	Developer of therapeutics for neuropathic pain, peripheral neuropathy and neurodegenerative central nervous system disorders. The company provides peptide therapy to treat nervous system disorders and related degenerative diseases to treat pain syndromes and peripheral neuropathies.
	['', 'neuropathic pain', ' ', 'peripheral neuropathy', '']
DermaGen
	Developer of antimicrobial peptides directed against skin microbes. The company develops peptides which exert potent antimicrobial effects and are derived from endogenous human proteins, such as those of the complement system, as well as several other skin and blood-derived proteins.
	['peptides ', 'antimicrobial peptides', ' ', 'peptide-based products', '']
Aderis Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of therapeutics focused on cardiovascular, renal and neurological diseases. The company develops novel small-molecule, receptor-specific therapeutics for the treatment of central nervous system, cardiovascular and renal diseases. The company focuses on drug candidates that act selectively to either block (antagonists) or increase (agonists) the activity of certain proteins, such as adenosine or dopamine, to produce the desired therapeutic effect while minimizing side effects. Small molecules generally offer the dosing flexibility required for patients to easily take the drug as prescribed (commonly referred to as patient compliance), have a broader array of dosage forms, lend themselves to easier formulation and have greater potential for absorption and utilization by the body.
	['', 'Cardiovascular therapeutics', ' ', 'renal therapeutics', ' ', 'neurological disease', ' ', 'cardiovascular disease', ' ', 'renal disease', '']
Ception Therapeutics
	Developer of biopharmaceuticals engaged in the discovery, development, and commercialization of new drugs and therapies for difficult to treat illnesses. The company offers Reslizumab for eosinophilic inflammatory conditions. It also provides Anti-TNF, a class of small molecule anti-TNF receptor agents with the potential to be orally administered. The companies portfolio includes treatments for central nervous system disorders, pain and cancer  and include eight proprietary products in the United States, along with more than 100 products internationally. Cephalon\'s research pipeline is focused on developing new compounds and new indications for existing products, while their business collaborations capitalize on new products and smart drug delivery technologies.
	['', 'Pharmaceuticals and Biotechnology', ' ', 'commercialization of new drugs', ' ', 'drug delivery technologies', '']
Solucel
	Developer of plant-derived pharmaceuticals. The company offers small molecules, such as secondary metabolites from plants for pharmaceutical applications.
	['', 'plant-derived pharmaceutical', ' ', 'plant biotechnology', ' microbial fermentation']
Sention
	Developer of drugs to treat memory impairment and other central nervous system disorders. The company develops lead compounds using its specialized genomics and behavioral models to treat other major central nervous system disorders.
	['memory ', 'nervous disorder', ' ', 'specialized genomics', ' ', 'behavioral model', ' nerve']
Combinent BioMedical Systems
	Provider of hydrophobic and hydrophilic molecules, proteins and other molecules. The company focuses on trans-vaginal delivery of drugs targeting women\'s reproductive endocrinology disorders as well as diabetes, obesity and infectious diseases.
	['', 'vaginal ring', ' ', 'transvaginal drug delivery', ' ', 'reproductive endocrinology disorders', ' ', 'drug delivery system', ' ', 'diabetes drug', '']
Targeted Molecules
	Developer of drug therapies for cancer and diseases of the central nervous system. The company\'s technology enables both the identification and optimization\nof molecules (peptides and antibody fragments) that precisely target disease tissue.
	['', 'drug therapies', ' ', 'targeted therapeutic', ' ', 'identification and optimization of molecules', '']
Ascendis Pharma
	Developer of pro-drug technology for endocrinology, cardiovascular and central nervous system disorders. The company develops a prodrug technology, TransCon, which conjugates the drug compound to a carrier molecule in a reversible fashion. It also provides transient conjugation technology, long-acting prodrugs of proteins, peptides and small molecules.
	['', 'drug-technology', ' ', 'conjugation technology', ' ', 'drug compound', ' ', 'carrier molecule', ' prodrug']
Axonia Medical
	Developer of tissue-engineered medical products for peripheral & central nervous system injury. The company produces living, functional tissue-engineered nerve grafts in the lab that can replace and repair damaged parts of the nervous system. It has developed technique for production of axons (instead of stem cells), the long thin parts of nerve cells that carry signals to distant target cells. Its regenerative treatments use neurons from patients or cadavers to grow long, integrated tracks of axons in the lab and then implants this tissue into the body, which then enables or accelerates the body’s natural repair system.
	['', 'regenerative treatment', ' ', 'axon production', ' ', 'nervous tissue regeneration', ' ', 'nervous system injury', ' ', 'medical product', '']
