EA Technology Ventures
	Provider of power asset management services. The company invests and works with new ventures across a wide range of traditional and emerging energy related sectors including energy efficiency, smart grid and new energy distribution and storage technologies.
	['', 'investment vehicle', ' ', 'smart grid', ' energy']
eQuilibrium Solutions
	Developer of energy management software.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'energy software', '']
BuildingIQ
	Provider of an energy management software. The company\'s software platform forecasts energy demand and automatically adjusts a building’s HVAC settings to optimize energy use.
	['', 'energy management', '  ', 'building energy management', ' ', 'energy efficiency', '']
Orecon
	Producer of wave energy devices. The company specializes in providing water column technologies for wave energy applications
	['', 'wave energy', ' ', 'water column', ' ', 'marine environment', ' ', 'wave energy conversion applications', ' ', 'multi resonant chambers ', '']
JouleX
	Provider of energy management systems for data centers and enterprise networks. The company\'s main product is JouleX Energy Manager, a solution that monitors, analyzes and manages the energy usage of network-connected devices and systems in the enterprise network, data center and related facilities. Its software solution monitors, analyzes and manages PCs, servers, VoIP phones and devices, printers, network switching devices, IP power switches, and HVAC systems.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'sustainable energy', ' ', 'energy usage reduction', '']
Alektrona
	Provider of hardware and software services for advanced metering infrastructure, demand side management and other energy-related applications. The company specializes in unifying open-standards products within energy management systems, enabling smart grid companies to better serve their customers energy needs
	['', 'broadband energy management', ' ', 'hardware solution', ' ', 'software solution', ' ', 'advanced metering infrastructure', ' ', 'energy management device', ' ', 'demand side management', ' ', 'energy-related application', ' ', 'energy network appliance', ' ', 'advanced metering system', '']
Enersciences Holdings
	Developer of energy products and services for the energy industry. The company develops energy technologies like drilling, fracturing and gas-to-liquid processing to help customers in their operations in the energy industry, while maintaining safety and environmental integrity.
	['', 'energy products', ' ', 'energy technologies', ' ', 'environment integrity', '']
Electro Energy
	Provider of proprietary battery technologies and associated systems.The Company is engaged in the development of energy storage technology, products and related systems through contract research and development for the United States Government and its agencies.
	['', 'proprietary battery', ' ', 'energy storage technology', ' ', 'bipolar batteries', ' ', 'consumer products', '']
Formative Labs
	Provider of social applications connected to real world actions. The company provides information to consumers on energy consumption habits.
	['', 'social application', ' ', 'energy consumption', ' ', 'social behavior', '']
Navita Systems
	Provider of decision-support technology for transaction and risk management in the energy market. The company has developed a software product offering an overview of the opportunities and risks in energy trading, as well as decision-support systems for physical and financial trading in the energy sector.
	['', 'decision support systems', ' ', 'risk management', ' ', 'energy trading', '']
Energy Cache
	Developer of grid-scale energy storage technology. The company is developing a mechanical battery which captures the energy of rolling gravel to generate electricity, in the manner that the water-powered movement of rotors generates power in a hydro dam.
	['', 'power technology', ' ', 'mechanical battery', ' ', 'alternative energy', ' gravel']
Datapult
	Provider of enterprise energy management (EEM) services. The company provide web-based applications that are used to collect and analyze energy usage information, monitor power quality, engage in load management, conduct rate modeling and tariff comparisons, and dispatch distributed generation capabilities.
	['', 'enterprise management', ' ', 'web based application', ' ', 'power quality', ' ', 'load management', ' ', 'rate modeling', ' ', 'tariff comparison', '']
Fellon-McCord & Associates
	Provider of energy management, dispatch and consulting services to clients in the industrial and commercial sectors. The company provides a variety of services that include energy audits, energy RFPs, utility negotiations, natural gas bypass studies, energy sourcing, risk and demand management, cost-benefit analysis and program development.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'consulting services', ' ', 'management consulting', '']
Enerwise Global Technologies
	Provider of enterprise energy management solutions as a Web-based hosted software suite for commercial, institutional, and industrial customers to reduce energy consumption. The company also provides demand response, energy analysis, load management, distributed generation, utility allocation, and report generation and energy analytical services.
	['', 'energy management solution', ' ', 'enterprise solution', ' ', 'hosted software', ' ', 'energy analysis', ' ', 'load management', ' ', 'utility allocation', '']
Nest Labs
	Provider of learning thermostat focused on reducing home-energy consumption. The company\'s technology Learning Thermostat learns human behaviors and preferences, automatically adjusting the temperature so you can stay comfortable while saving energy and money.
	['', 'household heating', ' ', 'cooling bill', ' ', 'energy saving', ' thermostat ', 'energy bill', ' ', 'energy management', ' ', 'temperature control', ' ', 'household heater', ' heater ', 'smart home', '']
ENEA
	Supplier of energy in Poland. The company engages in electricity generation, distribution and trading and offers energy for home and business.
	['', 'energy supply', ' ', 'electricity generation', ' ', 'electricity distribution', '']
Triacta Power Technologies
	Developer of energy management systems. The company develops energy systems which enables firms to reduce energy consumption and energy costs.
	['', 'energy management system', ' ', 'smart submetering', ' ', 'electrical sub metering', '']
