Quality Care Solutions
	Developer of platform software products for the healthcare industry. The company provides healthcare claims administration platforms and consumer-directed health and claims platforms with integrated medical management functions for healthcare payers.
	['', 'healthcare claim', ' ', 'medical bill', ' ', 'healthcare organization', '']
Alteer Corporation
	Provider of healthcare technology and services. The company provides services on healthcare technology, focused on integrated practice management and electronic medical records that includes research and development, data center, IT, finance, human resources, legal and administration.
	['', 'electronic medical records', ' ', 'healthcare technology', '']
Vocera Communications
	Provider of mobile communication services to healthcare and non-healthcare markets. The company offers voice communication services, secure messaging applications and care transition services.
	['', 'communication service', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'hospital communication software', ' ', 'secure messaging application', ' ', 'care transition', '']
DocVue
	Developer of cloud-based consumer engagement software products. The company offers an online technology platform for the consumer healthcare industry that enables patients to interact with their doctors.
	['', 'consumer engagement', ' ', 'consumer healthcare', ' ', 'healthcare consumers', ' ', 'doctor-patient relationship', '']
Certified Technologies
	Provider of a fire retardant chemical formulation to the commercial aviation and business furniture industries. The company also provide other services such as hydropower device installation, equipment maintenance, construction, operation and management of hydropower stations in China.
	['', 'fire retardant chemical', ' hydropower ', 'fire retardant', '']
Informix Software
	Provider of database management systems. The company\'s services are channelized for data warehousing, e-business applications and transaction processing. The company s provide retail, financial services, government, healthcare, manufacturing, media and publishing and telecommunications markets.
	['', 'date warehousing', ' ', 'financial services', '']
Beijing Neusoft Viewhigh Technology
	Provider of software products and services for healthcare industry. The company develops applications in healthcare business management including business planning and control for healthcare organizations, hospital operation and management, government supervision and financial management.
	['']
CyberPlus
	Provider of controlled medical terminology applications to the healthcare providers. The company provides its users an internet based knowledge management tool to improve the healthcare operations for providers, pharmaceutical concerns and internet healthcare content providers.
	['', 'medical terminology', ' ', 'healthcare industry', ' ', 'internet healthcare', '']
Innoprise Software
	Provider of enterprise software for utilities and local government agencies. The company provides software for CIS, financial management, community development, tax and work management. Its software helps clients manage various business processes, such as utility billing, payroll and financial management.
	['', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'financial management', ' ', 'payroll management', ' ', 'financial management', '']
Insta Health Solutions
	Provider of the technology platform for healthcare sector. The company provides hospital management system for clinical, financial and operational management of process within the organization. It also provides the EMR (electronic medical record) platform.
	['', 'hospital management', ' ', 'clinical technology', ' ', 'Healthcare System', '']
ikaSystems
	Provider of cloud-based software for business automation and process services for the healthcare market. The company provides an enterprise-level platform to support healthcare payers\' commercial and Medicare requirements through the automation of sales, marketing, regulatory compliance, claims administration and customer service procedures.
	['', 'healthcare payer', ' ', 'claims administration', ' ', 'process automation', '']
Orcale MarketPrice
	Provider of business management software products. The company offers revenue and price management solutions. The company was formerly known as Revenue Technologies.
	['', 'Business solutions', ' ', 'Revenue Solution', ' ', 'Price solution', '']
Vitalz
	Provider of web-native patient encounter management services and resource planning solutions for healthcare organizations. The company\'s solutions are customizable, easily integrated, and rapidly deployed, without the need for expensive, labor-intensive technology investments.
	['scheduling web-native healthcare']
Venetec International
	Provider of catheter securement systems. The company develops infusion-safety products dedicated to eliminating the dangers to patients and healthcare workers caused by suture and tape securement of IVs.
	['catheter ', 'catheter securement systems', ' infusion-safety ', 'securement systems', '']
Carolina Alliance Bank
	Operator of a bank. The company caters in the financial industry and provides business and personal banking products and services as well as wealth management services.
	['', 'online banking', ' ', 'commercial services', ' ', 'banking business', '']
