Sightward
	Developer and Supplier of predictive software that helps marketing professionals maximize revenue. The company also offers insights and recommendations that give their customers additional knowledge about their own clientele.
	['', 'predictive software', ' revenue']
eXstatic Software
	Developer of software for marketing automation and enterprise-wide customer management. The company markets software solutions that enable businesses to plan, create and execute email communications based on customer profiles.
	['', 'emarketing application', ' ', 'customer management', ' ', 'marketing automation', '']
BlackFoot
	Provider of campaign analysis and marketing intelligence management tools.
	['', 'campaign analysis', ' ', 'marketing intelligence', ' ', 'data modeling', '']
Loopfuse
	Provider of marketing automation software. The company offers OneView, an enterprise marketing automation platform that includes support for various sales and marketing demands, including demand generation, email marketing automation, automated lead nurturing, lead management and scoring, campaign management, website analytics, closed-loop reporting and customer relationship management integration. It also provides technical support, training and consulting services.
	['', 'automated marketing', ' ', 'demand generation', ' ', 'e-mail marketing', '']
Flashbase
	Operator of an online advertising and marketing firm. The Company focused on empowering consumers and small business users by providing them with a hosted enterprise-level database application over the internet and marketing tools allow marketers to launch targeted, permission-based email campaigns and track the results.
	['', 'online advertising', ' ', 'database application', '']
Kefta
	Developer and provider of marketing automation software. The company provides a service and technology platform, campaign management tools, marketing expertise, integration and training to enable its clients to plan, create, deploy and track unique revenue-focused marketing programs.
	['', 'marketing software', ' ', 'technology platform', ' ', 'campaign management tools', '']
Cima Systems
	Provider of marketing communications tools for the automotive industry. The company\'s marketing communication systems enables dealership\'s interaction with customers and prospects. It also enables dealers to fix appointments via web and automated phone and provides ROI analysis on marketing campaigns.
	['', 'marketing system', ' ', 'marketing communication', ' ', 'CRM system', ' ', 'communication system', ' ', 'ROI analysis', '']
SG5 Innovation
	Provider of a enterprise marketing automation service. The company offers GoSource technology, which provides private and secure online workspace to a buyer, a group of buyer and preferred suppliers
	['', 'automation service', ' ', 'online workspace', ' ', 'information technology', '']
Yellow Brick Solutions
	Developer of marketing automation software. The company enables medium to large-sized business marketing professionals to communicate with customer over both on-line and off-line medium.
	['', 'marketing automation', ' ', 'data warehousing', ' ', 'database marketing', '']
Bluestreak
	Provider of marketing data services for interactive agencies and advertisers in the United Kingdom and internationally. The company provides The Bluestreak 6.0 platform that delivers the workflow, analysis and optimization for professional marketers, as well as offers an approach for planning and tracking digital marketing efforts in various channels, including display advertisements, search, media/video and email; Ad Manager, a campaign management solution, which organizes work flow to launch, manage and optimize digital marketing campaign; cross-channel performance capturing solutions; campaign performance and user-defined reports and custom marketing dashboard services.
	['', 'marketing data', ' ', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'display advertisement', ' ', 'campaign management', ' ', 'campaign performance', '']
Bigfoot Interactive
	Developer and provider of marketing analytic tools. The company provides market data, market analytic and strategy, social campaign and email plans as marketing tools.
	['']
LOCKON
	Provider of a marketing automation platform. The company engages in planning, development and sales of software for e-commerce and online advertisement.
	['']
Netcentives
	Provider of a suite of programs for relationship marketing technologies and services. The company delivers personalized email, rewards and recognition marketing technologies and programs that increase efficiency and productivity.
	['', 'direct marketing service', ' ', 'relationship marketing', ' ', 'marketing technology', '']
