iHance
	Provider of an email tracking and synching technology. The company provides the platform through which enable the organization to track out the email their send to their customer.
	['', 'email tracking', ' synching ', 'productivity software', '']
Estorian Corporation
	Provider of technology that enables companies capture and access emails. The company provides email archiving and retrieval system.
	['', 'email archiving', ' ', 'retrieval system', '']
Yandex
	Operator of an Internet search engine in Russia. The company offers access to a range of information available online; email and personalized services, including email, photo, Website, and blog-hosting services; maps and location-based services comprising map service, road traffic congestion monitoring, maps of metro systems, panoramic photo images of streets and towns, and user-generated map services; and downloadable applications and services for mobile and digital platforms and devices.
	['', 'internet search', ' ', 'search engine', ' ', 'web search', ' ', 'online information', ' ', 'email service', ' ', 'blog hosting', ' ', 'online map', ' ', 'mobile application', '']
GreenGoose
	Provider of web-based service along with stickers with wireless sensors.
	['', 'wireless sensor', ' ', 'sensor sticker', ' ', 'web based service', '']
OhLife
	Provider of a web-based journal application. The company provides email-based personal journal for users to write their daily experiences.
	['', 'journal application', ' ', 'personal journal', ' ', 'online journal', ' ', 'web-based diary', ' ', 'email service', '']
Identum
	Provider of software development services. The company offers an email encryption software tool, which allows original equipment manufacturer to tailor the email privacy capabilities.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'email encryption', ' ', 'email privacy', '']
Everyone.net
	Provider of outsourced email solutions for individuals and companies. The company offers custom email services for everyone from Internet Service Providers, web hosts and web sites to businesses, organizations and individuals.
	['', 'email hosting', ' SaaS ', 'email backup', ' ', 'outsourced email solutions', '']
Mingly
	Provider of a web service that brings email and social networks together. The company offers an online service, which aggregates contacts from Gmail, Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter into a searchable merged address book.
	['', 'contact management', ' ', 'relationship management', ' ', 'social networking application', '']
Apropos Technology
	Provider of multichannel interaction management application for managing customer interactions across various communications media, including email, fax, Web, and voice. The company\'s products enable on-line customers to interact with businesses over the Internet, through email, or Web collaboration; and also provide access to human assistance through either an interactive Web chat or voice interaction, to help in completing a sale or service transaction.
	['', 'multichannel interaction', ' ', 'management application', ' ', 'communication media', ' ', 'web collaboration', ' ', 'voice interaction', ' ', 'service transaction', '']
3Jam
	Developer of a reply-all text messaging service. The company\'s service helps users to text message multiple contacts at once. It\'s product helps all message recipients to see who got the message as well as provides a “reply to all” feature. It offers voice calls, email, mobile email, IM, mobile IM, and push to talk services.
	['', 'text messaging', ' ', 'multiple SMS', ' ', 'reply-all service', ' ', 'multiple contact', ' ', 'push to talk', ' ', 'mobile IM', '']
Boxbe
	Provider of a Web-based service to minimize email overload. The company offers an email filtering tool that organizes inboxes, reduces clutter, and eliminates email overload.
	['', 'public forwarding', ' ', 'email guest list', ' ', 'social network', ' ', 'IM buddy', ' ', 'spam management', ' ', 'email organizer', ' ', 'email management', '']
OZ Communications
	Provider of consumer mobile messaging solutions. The company offers OZ Mobile IM, a solution that enables mobile operators to offer access to already established instant messaging services; OZ Consumer Email, an email solution for consumer mobile phones and devices to send and receive emails to friends and family; and OZ SmartMail, an email solution for savvy, small business, and home business professionals.
	['', 'consumer mobile messaging', ' ', 'instant messaging service', ' ', 'email service', '']
