Satori Labs
	Provider of digital pen-and-paper solutions for healthcare forms automation. The company fuses digital pen and paper, PDA, and wireless technologies with Satori Labs\' high performance forms automation software to create the next generation of connected information management products for the mobile professional.
	['', 'healthcare software', ' ', 'digital services', ' ', 'digital data', ' ', 'automation software', '']
EcoSynthetix
	Developer and marketer of biobased materials. The company is focused on developing bio-based materials through the value-added substitution of petroleum-based products. The company’s products include biolatex binders, which use starches from renewable-crop resources; and EcoMer, environmentally sustainable, sugar-based monomer adhesives, which can be used instead of a wide variety of petrochemical ingredients that go into paint, adhesives, plastics, inks, toners and surfacants.
	['', 'chemical products', ' ', 'bio-materials', ' polymers ', 'renewable resources', '']
Graficas del Noroeste
	Designer and manufacturer of packaging materials. The company engages in manufacturing of paper and cardboard cases and designing of graphic arts mainly for the food and cosmetic sectors.
	['', 'packaging material', ' ', 'cardboard case', ' ', 'graphic arts', '']
Reduce Destruccion Confidencial
	Provider of paper shredding services. The company primarily offers confidential document destruction service for both digital and paper data.
	['', 'document destruction', ' ', 'data delete', ' ', 'data demagnetise', '']
DMD Industries
	Supplier of arts & crafts products. The company is a manufacturer of party supplies, scrap-booking, paper-crafting and stationary products.
	['', 'scrap book', ' ', 'stationary product', ' ', 'paper crafting', ' ', 'consumer durables', '']
SiPix Imaging
	Developer of electrophoretic display (EPD) technologies. The company manufactures electronic paper modules that are used to display digital readouts in other manufacturers\' products. The company offers custom manufacturing of EPD materials to enable system designers to rapidly get their products to market. The company\'s product has applications for high-resolution displays, electronic shelf labels, information displays, smart cards and a variety of consumer products.
	['', 'electrophoretic display', ' ', 'digital paper', ' ', 'imaging display e-paper', ' ', 'computer hardware', '']
XMS Penvision
	Provider of a digital pen and paper platform. The company develops technology that allows users to write with ink based digital pens on ordinary paper and transfer the documents and strokes from the pen via some kind of digital device such as mobile phones, PDA\'s or PC\'s.
	['', 'digital pen', ' ', 'digital paper', ' ', 'automation software', ' ', 'digital platform', ' ', 'digital writhing', '']
Seamless Receipts
	Provider of connecting platform between retailers and customers. The company replaces paper receipts with branded eReceipts and allows to personalize messages.
	['e-receipt  ', 'personalized messages', ' ', 'commercial services', ' ', 'paper receipts', '']
Tab Products
	Provider of document-management services and products for businesses. The company provides software as well as physical office storage systems to enable businesses to manage their digital and paper documents. The company also provides services for converting paper documents to digital format, as well as document purging and outsourcing file-room management.
	['', 'information management', ' ', 'record management system', ' ', 'labeling software', ' ', 'mobile shelving', '']
Sidepa
	Producer of paper-based products. The company manufactures paper bags and packaging materials made of paperboard for household purposes.
	['', 'paper bags', ' ', 'packaging paper', ' ', 'paper products', '']
iWitness
	Provider of Digital Business Records Management software. The company offers a secure electronic system to capture, authenticate, manage and preserve electronic business records, including email and e-commerce transactions. It also allows users to keep a digital paper trail, intended to replace actual paper trails.
	['', 'electronic system', ' ', 'electronic business record', ' ', 'digital paper trail', '']
Architel
	Provider of archiving for paper and digital documents. The company offers data base filing and paper document management services.
	['archiving ', 'digital documents', ' filing']
