Top Ten Media
	Provider of media content on entertainment topics from the Web. The company draws information from blogs, podcasts, video, and media.
	['', 'media content', ' ', 'entertainment content', '']
Circular
	Provider of user preference based online content. The company offers an infinitely scrolling feed of content to users, based on people they follow and topics that they are interested in.
	['', 'online content', ' ', 'infinitely scrolling', ' ', 'preferred content', '']
Red Swoosh
	Provider of P2P network technologies designed to alleviate bandwidth bills for Websites. Its products include Predelivery, which delivers video, video games, and files to users as a background delivery.
	['', 'bandwidth bill', ' ', 'content delivery', ' ', 'media management', ' ', 'retrieve metadata', '']
BitGravity
	Provider of a high-speed content delivery network. The company provides a content delivery network to supply on demand high-definition video and live streaming. It also accelerate Web sites, serve better performing videos and reliably stream events and 24/7 broadcasts online in high-definition.
	['streaming ', 'high-speed content', ' ', 'high-definition video', ' broadcast']
XOsphere
	Developer of mobile content management applications. The company\'s products enables marketers to develop and deploy rich media content to mobile devices. The company\'s services include consulting, conceptual planning, development, deployment, hosting, reporting/analytics, integration and billing and end-user management.
	['', 'content management', ' ', 'mobile content management applications', ' ', 'rich media content', '']
Adzilla
	Developer of network based media delivery products. The company offers online content management and distribution system, which is designed to work within existing service provider networks.
	['', 'media delivery product', ' ', 'online content', '']
enScaler
	Provider of middleware services to enterprises to deliver streaming content. The company provides licensed platforms and applications to service providers, content owners and enterprises to provision and manage streaming media services and applications.
	['', 'middleware services', ' ', 'licensed platforms and applications', ' ', 'streaming content', ' ', 'streaming media services', ' ', 'content owners', '']
StreamTheWorld
	Provider of media streaming technology platform for radio and television broadcasters. The company\'s streaming delivery network and media streaming technology allows broadcasters to develop custom features and record online revenues.
	['', 'media stream', ' ', 'streaming platform', ' ', 'streaming delivery network', '']
Forside Co.
	Developer of content provision and copyright management businesses. The company, through its relationships with wireless carriers, distributes various e-books.
	['', 'content provision', ' ', 'copyright management', ' ', 'online content', '']
ChinaCache International Holdings
	Provider of content delivery network and cloud computing services. The company offers storage and delivery of internet-based applications and interactive content to internet enterprises and multi-national corporations.
	['', 'content delivery', ' ', 'interactive content', ' ', 'cloud storage', '']
Intellistream
	Provider of a video content-delivery platform. The company provides a technology platform enabling delivery of interactive, streaming applications through any available 2G, 3G or 4G mobile network.
	['', 'video content', ' ', 'content delivery', ' ', 'video streaming', '']
MyCube
	Operator of a social network that allows individuals and organizations to store and share their information, updates and content with others. The company offers organization, publishing, communication and management tools for all individual brands and content producers that let users own and protect their digital assets, thereby transferring control to the user allowing the content to be monetized.
	['', 'management tool', ' ', 'share content', ' ', 'content producers', '']
EdgeCast Networks
	Provider of media content delivery services. The company provides content delivery network space, helping companies to deliver static content like video, music, games and live streaming.
	['', 'media content delivery', ' ', 'content delivery network', ' ', 'content management', '']
Netli
	Provider of application delivery network services. The company provides network infrastructure as a service, on-demand optimizing application and content delivery while shifting bandwidth, computing and storage requirements.
	['', 'application delivery network', ' ', 'network infrastructure', ' ', 'content delivery', '']
InStranet
	Provider of multi-channel knowledge applications for automating content and knowledge delivery for servicing and sales initiatives, and for contact centers, field sales, and Web self-care. The company also offers Contact Centers In-Line Application, which enables the organization of the content and knowledge into context-sensitive and customer-specific categories; and Content Application Foundation that provides toolkit for content management, personalization, search, application integration, and user management.
	['', 'knowledge delivery', ' ', 'content management', ' ', 'application integration', '']
Tasmania Networks Systems
	Developer of network caching software technology. The company\'s technology accelerates content delivery and network performance by localizing traffic patterns.
	['', 'network caching', ' ', 'content networking', ' ', 'content delivery', ' ', 'network performance', '']
Collections Labs
	Provider of Mac application that helps users to manage media content like Facebook and Instagram photos, Tweets and videos, alongside other cloud-based things like Google Docs. The company\'s product also allows a user to toggle between Dropbox and Google Drive content and the more traditional Finder material like Word docs and other native applications.
	['', 'mac application', ' ', 'media content', ' ', 'traditional Finder', ' ', 'native application', '']
Chasm.io
	Provider of an online content marketing network. The company has developed a content matching system that analyzes personal interest graphs, categories of influence and network behaviors that allows content producers to present their content to only those influencers who are most likely to consume and share it.
	['', 'social networking', ' ', 'startup assistance', ' ', 'startup guidance', '']
