Aptara
	Provider of digital publishing software. The company offers PowerXEditor, an online authoring tool that focuses on content sharing and management, publishing, and digital rights management.
	['', 'publishing services', ' ', 'Digital publishing', ' ', 'Digital content production', '']
MediaFlex
	Provider of internet software and systems for on-demand publishing. The company develops a network that enables e-commerce and the distribution of on-demand image-based products. It develops print procurement technology.
	['', 'on demand publishing', ' ', 'print procurement technology', ' ', 'publishing software', '']
Digitalsmiths
	Owner and Operator of a video indexing and digital content publishing technology company. The company\'s computer-vision based video indexing search and interpretation algorithms empowers content owners and publishers to monetize their digital video content and advertisers to automatically target their advertisements.
	['', 'video indexing', ' ', 'digital publishing', ' ', 'Multimedia & Design Software', '']
Internet Broadcasting System
	Provider of scalable internet publishing technology. The company is a provider of multiple services and products, including a SaaS-based digital publishing platform, original and syndicated content, and a digital advertising agency that provides full life-cycle advertising and sales operations. The company has had a long-term focus on serving local television companies.
	['', 'digital publishing', '  webtrend ', 'digital agency', ' ', 'syndicated content', '']
Base79
	Provider of digital rights management and monetization platform. The company develops rights management technology that simplifies the digital video landscape.
	['', 'digital technology', ' ', 'monetization platform', ' ', 'digital video landscape', '']
XLMedia
	Provider of digital publishing and marketing services. provides marketing services to online gambling operators and develops proprietary tools and methodologies to drive high value users.
	['', 'digital publishing', ' ', 'marketing services', ' ', 'proprietary tools', '']
Reciprocal
	Provider of digital rights management and digital commerce services. The company offers end-to-end e-commerce services for digital content distribution over the internet and also digital rights management services for all types of content, including digital music, text, video and software.
	['', 'digital rights', ' ', 'digital rights management', ' ', 'digital commerce', ' ', 'digital content distribution', '']
Flatirons Solutions
	Provider of XML-based software and services. The company offers professional services for information management in the areas of content management, XML publishing and digital asset management. The company also provides specialized technical data management products and services to the aviation and aerospace industries.
	['XML ', 'professional service', ' ', 'content management', ' ', 'XML publishing', ' ', 'digital asset management', '']
Managing Editor
	Developer of software that streamlines and enhances digital production for publishing to paper, the Web, tablets or mobile. The company facilitates cross-media workflow, digital publishing strategy, layout planning and automation and ad production.
	['', 'digital publishing', ' ', 'layout planning', ' ', 'publishing software', '']
4sens
	Developer of a software for public safety networks. The company develops and operates software systems for distributing and publishing information in high security communication networks.
	['', 'network software', ' middleware ', 'information publishing', '']
Aequus Technologies
	Provider of technology products and services. The company\'s products includes Aequus VRS which provides video relay services for the Deaf and hard-of-hearing community under the brand name Snap!VRS, Aequus DPS which develops and markets digital publishing services designed to improve learning outcomes for all students, including students with special needs and Aequus EKS which partners with technology providers to encode content with knowledge for intelligent adaptation for unique user needs, business processes, and decision making applications.
	['', 'digital publishing', ' ', 'video relay', ' ', 'information management', ' ', 'electronics equipment', '']
