Amadesa
	Provider of website multivariate testing and customer targeting solutions to improve online conversions and engagement. The company’s solutions contain various application modules for A/B and multivariate testing, segment testing, automated personal testing, product recommendations, forms and shopping cart optimization and personalization.
	['', 'customer targeting solution', ' ', 'segment testing', ' ', 'software-as-a-service', '']
Compass Quality Insight
	Developer of a software quality assurance platform. The company\'s testing product, Compass Profiler, provides testers with analytics to prioritize testing effort by identifying exactly what has changed in a web application, how it might interact with other parts of the software, and the location of potential testing gaps that may allow bugs to slip through.
	['', 'internet application', ' ', 'infrastructure software tool', ' ', 'web application', ' ', 'testing application', ' ', 'quality software', ' ', 'testing software', ' ', 'quality testing', '']
Qronus Interactive Israel
	Provider of automated system testing software products. The company provides automated system testing tools for complex software and hardware configurations with embedded processors. It engages in the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of automated software quality products for non-standard platforms, embedded systems and real time computer systems. The company was spun out of Mercury Interactive.
	['', 'software testing', ' ', 'testing tools', ' ', 'testing solution', '']
Wireless Info Tech
	Provider of testing and compliance certification services. The company offers global field testing services, such as voice call services in mixed and marginal signal areas; data services; and CDG3 services, including system acquisition, SMS, calling features, handoff, and DTMF tests. It also provides manufacturing and production software and applications testing and development services; wireless reference design services, including form factor and production ready services; and product testing services.
	['', 'testing and compliance certification service', ' ', 'global field testing service', ' ', 'applications testing', ' ', 'manufacturing and production software', ' ', 'wireless reference design service', ' ', 'product testing service', '']
Sogeti
	Provider of technology and software testing services. The company provides software control testing, applications management, infrastructure management, high technology engineering/global engineering, business intelligence and analytics, mobile/Omni-channel, security and cloud services.
	['', 'software testing', ' ', 'software control testing', ' ', 'application management', '']
Amira Medical
	Manufacturer of medical testing devices. The company\'s equipment is designed to facilitate testing of blood glucose levels for people with diabetes.
	['', 'medical testing', ' ', 'blood glucose', ' diabetes']
RelQ Software
	Provider of softrware testing services. The company offers real-time and embedded applications testing, including mission critical software testing, for clients looking to deploy applications across the enterprise.
	['', 'functional testing', ' ', 'competitive advantage', ' ', 'business applications', '']
Maxymiser
	Provider of multivariate testing and personalization. The company provides online business to turn every interaction into an experience with its cloud-based testing, personalization and cross channel optimization. It combines online testing and automated personalization into a single platform to help marketers to launch campaigns.
	['', 'B2B Service', ' ', 'testing and personalization', ' ', 'customer experience optimization', '']
Cozart
	Developer of hand-held device using saliva samples for drugs of abuse testing. The company was a supplier to the home office for police, prison and customs and excise applications.
	['', 'hand-held device', ' ', 'abuse testing', ' ', 'drug testing', '']
BLGG Group
	Developer of agribusiness testing products. The company specializes in testing, sampling, and consulting services focusing on fertilizing, crop residue, soil health, and nutritional levels. The company focuses on a micro level analysis, analyzing mineral content of the soil.
	['', 'crop testing', ', ', 'agriculture testing', ', ', 'soil health', ', ', 'crops', '']
Splitforce
	Developer of mobile testing applications. The company provides A/B testing for mobile applications and games.
	['', 'mobile analytics', ' ', 'A/B testing', ' ', 'mobile testing application', '']
Tektagen
	Provider of quality control testing and consulting services to the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. The company provides biosafety and bioanalytical testing services.
	['', 'quality control', ' ', 'bioanalytical testing services', ' biotechnology']
Farallon Medical
	Developer of technology for monitoring oral anti-coagulant medications. The company is focused on developing and commercializing prothrombin time (PT) testing devices that can be used at home, as an alternative to conventional devices that are used in clinical settings. The focus is on more frequent PT testing, for a faster response in dose management and less need for venipuncture.
	['', 'monitoring device', ' ', 'anti coagulant', '']
SciCor
	Provider of laboratory testing services. The company provides laboratory testing services and related data processing support to the US pharmaceutical industry. Its research data was used to prepare clinical submissions to the Food & Drug Administration (FDA) for approval to market new drugs.
	['', 'laboratory testing service', ' ', 'drug testing', ' ', 'drug invention', '']
