Slide
	Provider of online application for social networking websites. The company provides slideshow, image and video personalization, guestbook and virtual gift applications for social networks including Facebook, MySpace, Bebo, Friendster, Hi5 and Orkut.
	['', 'social networking application', ' ', 'online application', ' ', 'video personalization', ' slideshow ', 'social entertainment', '']
Adify
	Provider of the technology and back office services necessary for companies to run their own online ad networks. The company offers Adify Network Builder, an integrated technology platform that enables enterprises and entrepreneurs to build and commercialize vertical networks.
	['', 'online ad', ' ', 'network builder', ' ', 'vertical network', '']
Villij
	Provider of social networking site for content consumers. The company analyses Web content, such as social networks, blogs, feeds and bookmarks.
	['', 'social networking site', ' ', 'web content analyses', ' ', 'social network analysis', '']
Platial
	Provider of user-created social-mapping Websites. The company enables users to find, create, and use meaningful maps of places.
	['', 'social mapping Website', ' ', 'map creation', ' ', 'social network', '']
RelateIQ
	Provider of a professional relationship management platform. The company’s platform automatically captures communications data pulled from mail systems, smartphone calls, calendars and social networks.
	['', 'application programming interface', ' ', 'personal correspondence management', ' ', 'business management', ' ', 'customer data analysis', '']
Context Media Technologies
	Provider of social news. The company provides news mainly from the social networks.
	['', 'social news reader', ' ', 'online social news', ' ', 'social news summary', ' ', 'content discovery', ' ', 'content publishing', '']
The Taploid
	Provider of digital tabloid for social networks. The company\'s application takes social data of users friends from the web and turns that data into a magazine containing relevant stories, news, silly gossip and funny interactions.
	['', 'digital tabloid', ' ', 'online data', ' ', 'data conversion', '']
Odeo
	Operator of a podcast Web site and directory. The company enables users to explore, search, and discover various aggregated podcasts; share favorites with friends; and publish to blogs and social networks.
	['', 'podcast Web site', ' ', 'podcast directory', ' ', 'online service', '']
Join the Company
	Creator of websites.
	['', 'website creation', ' ', 'interactive website', ' ', 'website development', '']
Monthsof.me
	Provider of online platform to share visual stories. The company provides a platform for users to share their stories and content such as pictures, text and videos which has been shared on existing social networks or stored on their desktop or portable devices. The company is focused to enable friends and family to instantly organize and share an event or a lifetime of memories anyplace and anytime.
	['', 'visual story', ' ', 'online platform', '']
Clickpass
	Provider of an openID and authentication gateway that simplifies openID integration and use. The company provides single-sign-on services to enter into various Websites by using a single password. It operates a website that enables its users to create OpenID, which is used as a single password to enter into various Websites.
	['', 'authentication gateway', ' ', 'authentication gateway', ' ', 'commercial services', '']
Involver
	Provider of video campaign platform for marketers to build, launch, promote, manage and monitor/track video campaigns for social networks users. The company’s platform includes campaign builders, dashboards, interactive video plugins, white label social applications and reporting tools.
	['', 'video campaign platform', ' ', 'interactive video plugin', ' ', 'video marketing solution', ' ', 'social platform', ' ', 'video plugin', '']
Wohin.de
	Provider of an online platform for data integration of social events through social networks. The company provides information for various social events, including  theater, concerts and sports.
	['', 'onoline platform', ' ', 'data integration', ' ', 'social events', '']
MIKESTAR
	Operator of an online karaoke portal. The company specializes on building up an active community through social networks, gaming and mobile applications, that enable its users to sing songs, record their performance via webcam and let others evaluate these movies.
	['karaoke ', 'karaoke portal', ' singing songs ', 'record vocals', '']
Raging Mobile
	Provider of proprietary technology that enhances the use of mobile phones and social networks in the consumer’s shopping experience to retailers. The company filed as a Statement & Designation By Foreign Corporation on Friday, July 30, 2010 in the state of California and is currently active.
	['', 'consumer shopping', ' ', 'proprietary technology', '']
BubbleGab
	Provider of an online platform for building social networks and websites. The company is the creator of a social plug-in which enables users to create personal websites and networks by leveraging data from blogs and profiles in pre-existing social networks.
	['', 'personal websites', ' ', 'social plug-in', ' ', 'software service', '']
Vivity Labs
	Operator of an online platform featuring fun and engaging games. The company develops gaming tools across multiple platforms, including mobile, web and social networks which help users to enhance and round-out brain skills in an entertaining fashion.
	['', 'online game', ' ', 'fitness game', ' ', 'brain fitness', '']
Ning
	Provider of an online platform to create social networks for organizers, activists, and influencers. The company offers services for branding and visual design, member profile, moderation and privacy, invite and share, RSS feeds, photos and videos, chat, group creation, discussion forum, blogging, and events.
	['', 'community platform', ' ', 'branding design', ' ', 'discussion forum', '']
Mingly
	Provider of a web service that brings email and social networks together. The company offers an online service, which aggregates contacts from Gmail, Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter into a searchable merged address book.
	['', 'contact management', ' ', 'relationship management', ' ', 'social networking application', '']
Hyves
	Operator of a social networking platform. The company’s online platform enables users to create personal profiles, share multimedia content including photos, videos and links.
	['', 'online social network', ' ', 'multimedia content', '']
Singly
	Provider of an open source personal data and application platform. The company\'s platform integrates third-party services in both web and mobile applications. It offers methods to speed up the process of writing code to authenticate users via third-party services and other data from various social networks and other services.
	['', 'social data', ' ', 'data management', ' ', 'data transfer', '']
R-coms
	Creator of custom web communication products. The company works with clients to create products for the Web, including games, websites or social-discovery applications, focusing on the client’s target audience.
	['', 'location based', ' ', 'dating application', ' ', 'web communication product', '']
