SHYM Technology
	Provider of plug-in security and trust management solutions for critical business applications. SHYM\'s MailShym solutions accelerate the adoption of secure e-mail as the cornerstone for Internet transactions. It combines plug-in security integration products and a cutting edge trust management platform.
	['', 'trust management solution', ' ', 'internet transaction', ' ', 'security integration', ' ', 'security integration', '']
McKinstry Essention
	Provider of offers online facilities management solutions.
	['', 'application service', ' ', 'facility management', ' ', 'property management', '']
Adzilla
	Developer of network based media delivery products. The company offers online content management and distribution system, which is designed to work within existing service provider networks.
	['', 'media delivery product', ' ', 'online content', '']
Servicesoft
	Developer of a customer support software. The company offers an online software that enables its customers to obtain requested information facilitating e-commerce services, processing transactions and resolving problems within customer support.
	['', 'internet customer service', ' ', 'customer service solution', ' ', 'customer service', '']
Eventioz
	Provider of online ticket sales and services. The company offers an online ticket platform for clients to promote and market events.
	['', 'event marketing', ' ', 'event promotion', ' ', 'ticket sales', ' ', 'event ticketing', ' ', 'ticket services', ' ', 'ticket marketing', ' tickets']
THINQ Learning Solutions
	Provider of enterprise wide corporate learning solutions. The company offers enterprise learning management software designed to help companies achieve their business objectives.
	['', 'professional learning services', ' ', 'management systems software', ' ', 'enterprise software', '']
Greenergetic
	Provider of online tools for configuring photovoltaic systems at home. The company offers online information about financing, insurance and maintenance of photovoltaic systems.
	['', 'photovoltaic system', ' ', 'online tools', ' ', 'online information', '']
BioStorage Technologies
	Provider of sample-management services for the bioscience sector.The company manages the complete life cycle of samples, using a team of global sample experts, temperature-controlled storage facilities and a real-time, Web-based sample intelligence and tracking system. It operates biostorage facilities in the U.S. state of Indiana and Frankfurt, Germany.
	['', 'sample management', ' ', 'cold storage', ' ', 'lab equipment', '']
Notiva
	Provider of solutions needed for transaction and financial settlement by purchasers and suppliers. The company provides cash transaction management solutions for manufacturers and retailers.
	['', 'e- finance', ' ', 'financial transactions', ' ', 'invoicing payment', ' ', 'trade settlements', '']
FleetFly
	Provider of enterprise class fleet management and internet based remote asset management solutions. The company uses the RedFly device to assist small fleets for their dispatch needs.
	['transportation ', 'fleet management', '']
DocVue
	Developer of cloud-based consumer engagement software products. The company offers an online technology platform for the consumer healthcare industry that enables patients to interact with their doctors.
	['', 'consumer engagement', ' ', 'consumer healthcare', ' ', 'healthcare consumers', ' ', 'doctor-patient relationship', '']
Equitant
	Provider of working capital management solutions to large enterprises. The company\'s order-to-cash management services provides order management, credit analysis and approval, invoice and billing, cash collections, dispute resolution, cash application and financial reporting and analysis services to companies.
	['', 'working capital management solutions', ' order-to-cash ', 'order management', ' ', 'credit analysis and approval', ' ', 'financial reporting and analysis', ' ', 'cash collections', '']
Mandriva
	Provider of enterprise free software products and solutions to the professional market. The company develops and distributes Linux globally. The company also provides server products and open source I.T infrastructure management solutions.
	['Linux ', 'Open Source', ' freeware']
BlueBolt Networks
	Provider of an online design resource for design professionals in the commercial interiors industry. The company offers a web enabled dynamic database of standardized product information and color-accurate imagery comprising various brands of commercial interior finishes, primarily carpets and textiles used in commercial buildings that allows designers to search, select, specify, organize, save, share and order samples.
	['', 'online design', ' ', 'design resource', ' interiors']
Harman International Industries
	Harman International Industries Inc was incorporated in 1980. The Company is engaged in the design and engineering of connected products and solutions for automakers, consumers and enterprises, including audio systems, visual products, enterprise automation solutions and connected services. Its manufacturing facilities are located in North America, Europe, Asia and South America. Its manufacturing facilities for its Infotainment segment are located in Hungary, Mexico, China, India, Brazil and the U.S. These facilities are used to manufacture infotainment systems. Its manufacturing facilities for its Lifestyle segment are located in Hungary, Mexico, China, India and the U.S. These facilities are used to manufacture its car audio systems. In North America, its principal Professional segment\'s manufacturing facilities are located in Mexico for loudspeakers, in Indiana for electronic products including amplifiers and effects devices, and in Washington for video and control products. Its Professional segment\'s electronics manufacturing in Europe includes mixing consoles in the United Kingdom, lighting solutions in Denmark and microphones and headphones in Austria. Its Professional segment\'s electronics manufacturing in Brazil includes electronic loudspeakers, amplifiers and other components. Its Professional segment\'s manufacturing in China includes audio electronics and loudspeakers. It sells its infotainment systems directly to automobile manufacturers in the U.S., Europe, Japan, South Korea, China and India, where it is installed as original equipment. It sells its Lifestyle car audio systems directly to automobile manufacturers in the U.S., Europe, India, Japan, China and South Korea. It sells its audio products to dealers via manufacturer\'s representatives. Services segment is a provider of product engineering outsourcing services with software development and market analytics services groups located in India, Russia and the Ukraine. It has 2,281 trademark registrations and 360 pending trademark applications. The Company is subject to various Federal, state, local and international environmental laws and regulations, including those governing the use, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials and, increasingly, the recycling of its products and their packaging.
	['', 'audio products', ' ', 'electronic systems', ' ', 'consumer durables', '']
Skillboost Project
	Provider of an e-learning platform for young soccer players. The company offers an online training system for sports and also features moves and dribbles from different angles through 3D visualization on web and smartphones.
	['soccer ', 'e-learning platform', ' ', 'online sports training', ' ', 'sport training', '']
Employease
	Provider of employee information management solutions. The company provides Web-based solutions and outsourcing options for HR and benefits professionals.
	['', 'employee information', ' ', 'management solution', ' ', 'web based solution', '']
Trinity Security
	Supplier of security, fire and communications technologies for commercial, institutional and governmental facilities.
	['fire security technology']
Orcale MarketPrice
	Provider of business management software products. The company offers revenue and price management solutions. The company was formerly known as Revenue Technologies.
	['', 'Business solutions', ' ', 'Revenue Solution', ' ', 'Price solution', '']
HammerKit
	Operator of a cloud technology company. The company offers an online toolset to allow creation and deployment of web applications that cater to business, marketing and communications needs. It focuses on the PR and marketing industry.
	['', 'cloud technology', ' ', 'PR industry', ' ', 'Cloud Software', ' ', 'digital production', ' ', 'web designing', '']
Corio
	Provider of enterprise applications from software vendors such as Oracle, Siebel, and SAP. The company\'s product Applications on Demand 2005, offers a suite of applications management, infrastructure, and professional services. The application management services include providing computers, data center facilities, and networks to support software applications. It also includes customer support; application, security, and infrastructure management; data center; and network management solutions.
	['', 'enterprise application', ' ', 'application management', ' ', 'resource management', ' ', 'infrastructure management', '']
SaveUp
	Developer of reward program for personal savings. The company offers an online rewards program for users to save money and pay their debt while earning credits to play for prizes.
	['', 'online game', ' ', 'online reward', ' ', 'debt payment', '']
GeoMetrix
	Provider of biometric identity management solutions. The company provides solutions to access control for corporate facilities. The company also offers biometric cameras that acquires facial biometrics in 3D formats which is widely designed for commercial, defense, Government, gaming and video surveillance.
	['', 'biometric cameras', ' ', 'employee tracking', ' ', 'identification management', ' ', 'video surveillance', '']
Prism Solutions
	Designer, developer and marketer of data warehouse management software solutions in United States. The company also provides database management solutions to its customers.
	['', 'data warehouse', ' ', 'database solution', ' DBMS']
Agility Healthcare Solutions
	Provider of an automated workflow and resource management solutions to the healthcare industry.
	['', 'resource management', ' ', 'management software', ' ', 'healthcare industry', '']
BlueRoads
	Provider of innovative indirect channel sales strategies for technology based companies. The company offers enterprise partner opportunity management software solutions for the manufacturers of technology products and services that sell through the reseller channels. It offers deal registration, lead management, renewal management, account registration, and lead referral management solutions.
	['channel ', 'channel efficiency', ' technology']
Angstro
	Provider of online business news articles. The company offers online information discovering and sharing services.
	['', 'online information', ' ', 'business news', ' ', 'service sharing', '']
Bencar
	Provider of positron emission tomography facilities. The company offers laboratory facilities for radiopharmaceutical production under cGMP condition.
	['', 'positron emission tomography', ' radiopharmaceutical radio tracers labs']
TradeGlobal
	Provider of fashion, e-commerce and customer contact management services. The company offers online shop systems as solutions with individual services in the fields of sorting, warehousing, packaging and dispatch of goods, as well as return and debtor management.
	['', 'contact management services', ' ', 'debtor management', ' ', 'online store', '']
Pavilion Technologies
	Provider of a model-based software for the manufacturing industry. The company offers advanced process control, production optimization and environmental compliance solutions to a wide range of industries globally. The company provides technology solutions and real-time environmental management solutions through its software platform, Pavilion8.
	['', 'environmental services', ' ', 'modular software', ' ', 'optimization services', '']
Sage Electrochromics
	Manufacturer and seller of insulating glass units and control systems to window and skylight manufacturers. The company also provides windows, skylights, and curtain walls for commercial and institutional buildings. It offers its products to owner-occupied office spaces, museums, libraries, art galleries, health care facilities, religious facilities, aviation facilities, high-tech or image buildings, and atriums and overhead daylight openings.
	['', 'insulated glass', ' ', 'curtain walls', ' skylight ', 'overhead daylight', '']
