Satori Labs
	Provider of digital pen-and-paper solutions for healthcare forms automation. The company fuses digital pen and paper, PDA, and wireless technologies with Satori Labs\' high performance forms automation software to create the next generation of connected information management products for the mobile professional.
	['', 'healthcare software', ' ', 'digital services', ' ', 'digital data', ' ', 'automation software', '']
Reduce Destruccion Confidencial
	Provider of paper shredding services. The company primarily offers confidential document destruction service for both digital and paper data.
	['', 'document destruction', ' ', 'data delete', ' ', 'data demagnetise', '']
vVault
	Provider of mobile productivity applications and software infrastructure. The company\'s technology platform provides mobile professionals with access to email attachments, native files and paper documents from virtually any wireless device or wired PC.
	['', 'mobile productivity application', ' ', 'software infrastructure', ' ', 'email attachments', '']
Ascendo System
	Developer of document and workflow management technologies. The company specializes in electronic invoice management system and also offers other software products for businesses that monitors time-related documents and sets email reminder.
	['', 'document management', ' ', 'workflow solution', ' ', 'invoice management', '']
NextPage
	Provider of technological services to businesses to track and manage documents. The company provides services for tracking documents across e-mail, hard drives and servers.
	['', 'information retrieval', ' ', 'data gathering', ' ', 'data management', '']
XMS Penvision
	Provider of a digital pen and paper platform. The company develops technology that allows users to write with ink based digital pens on ordinary paper and transfer the documents and strokes from the pen via some kind of digital device such as mobile phones, PDA\'s or PC\'s.
	['', 'digital pen', ' ', 'digital paper', ' ', 'automation software', ' ', 'digital platform', ' ', 'digital writhing', '']
Watermark Software
	Provider of image storage and processing software. The company integrates scanned paper documents and faxes with applications such as e-mail, databases, spreadsheets,and accounting software.
	['', 'multimedia software', '']
Bry Technologia
	Provider of digital certification hardware and software services. The company provides services to ensure safety in the use of electronic document.
	['', 'digital certification', ' ', 'software services', ' ', 'electronic services', ' hardware']
OpenTrust
	Provider of software and cloud security services. The company provides software products to governments, financial institutions, enterprises and citizens for managing digital identities and securing electronic transactions and documents. It provides digital identity such as corporate, citizen, object and cert identity, digital signature and digital transaction for secure exchange of documents and transactions with complete traceability.
	['', 'security software', ' ', 'digital identity', ' ', 'digital signature', ' ', 'cloud security', '']
Tab Products
	Provider of document-management services and products for businesses. The company provides software as well as physical office storage systems to enable businesses to manage their digital and paper documents. The company also provides services for converting paper documents to digital format, as well as document purging and outsourcing file-room management.
	['', 'information management', ' ', 'record management system', ' ', 'labeling software', ' ', 'mobile shelving', '']
iWitness
	Provider of Digital Business Records Management software. The company offers a secure electronic system to capture, authenticate, manage and preserve electronic business records, including email and e-commerce transactions. It also allows users to keep a digital paper trail, intended to replace actual paper trails.
	['', 'electronic system', ' ', 'electronic business record', ' ', 'digital paper trail', '']
Architel
	Provider of archiving for paper and digital documents. The company offers data base filing and paper document management services.
	['archiving ', 'digital documents', ' filing']
