Ygsoft
	Operator of a computer software development and consultancy company. The company develops and sells computer software with provision of software consultancy services and computer software system integration.
	['', 'computer software', ' ', 'hardware system', ' ', 'software system integration', '']
Lincoln Technologies
	Operator of a software development and consulting company focused on support of the pharmaceutical industry drug development process. The company provides systems and services related to applications in clinical development, pharmacovigilance, electronic data submission, and regulatory review to industry sponsors, and to FDA and other public health agencies.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'safety data mining', ' ', 'database cleaning', '']
Intek Technologies
	Developer of a desktop multimedia conferencing software. The company designs software development tools and programs for server applications development.
	['', 'system management', ' ', 'server applications', ' ', 'desktop multimedia conferencing', ' multimedia']
Attassa
	Provider of a framework and a software development kit (SDK) that allows the rich integration of existing Web applications into Microsoft Windows and Outlook.
	['', 'rich integration', ' ', 'Web applications', ' ', 'Mail application', ' ', 'Webmail server', '']
Rofous Software
	Provider of product engineering and content engineering services. The company offers enterprise application solutions, training and staffing services, application development services, custom software development, enterprise solutions, supply chain management solutions and customer relationship management solutions.
	['', 'enterprise solutions', ' ', 'management solutions', ' ', 'custom software development', '']
Coverity
	Provider of source code analysis tools for identifying software defects in the software development life cycle. The company’s products includes a prevent static analyzer, a static analysis tool that creates a visualization of software, including an architecture map, call graph visualization and a dependency structure matrix.
	['', 'source code', ' ', 'analysis tool', ' ', 'software defect', ' ', 'security vulnerability', ' ', 'software development', '']
The SLTN Group
	Provider of consulting and advisory services for implementation, management and migration of issues in profit and non-profit organizations. The company along with its four divisions provides software and hardware solutions for eServer hardware platforms, financial advisors and software vendors for consolidation, virtualization, designing infrastructure for managed cloud services.
	['BPO eServer ', 'advisory services', ' ', 'cloud services', '']
InitMe
	Provider of software development services. The computer offers adaptive software development, computer repair, collaborative software development and agile software development services.
	['', 'development services', ' ', 'technology companies', ' ', 'computer programing', '']
Lexington Software Associates
	Provider of technology and service solutions for software development and delivery environments. The company provides software consulting services including systems programming, website designing and high level consulting.
	['', 'service solutions', ' ', 'systems management', ' ', 'website designing', '']
Mathsoft Engineering & Education
	Provider of math, science, and engineering software for business, academia, research, and government. The company offers a calculation management suite, a customizable client server solution, which provides searchable and centralized access for managing, tracking, and publishing various calculations, values, methods, and worksheets. Its products also include binder toolkit, which enables users to create e-books from data managed via the suite; customization toolkit, which provides a set of APIs and a software development kit; and publishing toolkit, which enables flexible display and viewing of the XML data generated by the suite.
	['', 'software prodcuts', '']
Probe
	Provider of e-learning software. The company provides e-learning software to national and international clients. It also offers various services like strategic management consulting, outsourcing and software development.
	['', 'e-learning software', ' ', 'educational software', ' ', 'application software', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'strategic management consulting', '']
InsureWorx
	Provides enterprise and tactical software services. The company is an insurance software development company that provides enterprise and tactical software services for workers’ compensation, commercial property, casualty and risk administration organizations.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'insurance software', '']
The Learning Company
	Operator of a software development and sales company.The company operates as a publisher for consumer desktop publishing titles. Its flagship desktop publishing products are The Print Shop and PrintMaster. It operates a retail website offering its own software titles as well as others.
	['', 'convenient software', ' ', 'project templates', ' ', 'consumer products', '']
Game Minion
	Provider of cross-platform cloud services for the mobile-development industry. The company offers diifferent software-development kits, including multi-player gaming, push notifications, analytics, cloud storage, leaderboards, achievements, content delivery and social sharing.
	['SDK ', 'software development kit', ' ', 'application development', ' ', 'mobile development', '']
EdgeTrade
	Provider of agency only brokerage and software development services. The company also provides services to improve client\'s trading performance, increase productivity, lower explicit and implicit trading costs and maintain anonymity in the markets.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'trading performance', ' ', 'productivity increment', '']
Akimbi Systems
	Developer of infrastructure management services for software development and test organizations. The company offers complex configuration capture-and-restore system, a software development and test infrastructure, which allows software developers and quality assurance engineers to suspend and capture to a shared storage library.
	['', 'infrastructure management service', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'test infrastructure', '']
Netmania
	Developer of software and hardware services for industries. The company develops software and hardware for Internet service providers (ISPs), cable operators, education and health sectors, enterprise organizations and small and medium sized enterprises. It offers software development services which includes product development, data migration and online systems.
	['', 'software development service', ' ', 'online system', ' ', 'industrial supply', ' ', 'data migration', ' ', 'development service', '']
InSoft
	Provider of collaborative multimedia software and development tools. The company also develops and sells collaborative computing, desktop conferencing and distributed digital video applications. The company\'s products are based on its open software architecture and digital video everywhere, which enables transparent digital convergence.
	['', 'digital video applications', ' ', 'digital convergence', ' ', 'multimedia software', '']
Wintegra
	Provider of access processing semiconductors and software for telecommunication infrastructure solutions. The company\'s products include access processors; reference boards for software development; and Data Path Software. It offers network processors and production grade software solutions for communication applications, such as DSL; PON; 2G, 3G, and LTE wireless infrastructure; carrier Ethernet; and WiMAX.
	['semiconductor ', 'integrated network processor', ' ', 'access processor', ' ', 'mobile network gear', ' ', 'mobile backhaul', '']
CoderBuddy
	Owner and operator of a platform for software development. The company offers services related to the web based development, testing and deployment of software applications to the cloud.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'software deployment', '']
Identum
	Provider of software development services. The company offers an email encryption software tool, which allows original equipment manufacturer to tailor the email privacy capabilities.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'email encryption', ' ', 'email privacy', '']
Firesale.com
	Provider of marketplace for liquidating excess inventory. The company provides services for computer liquidators and name brand computer hardware products.
	['', 'online retail', '']
Vanceinfo Technologies
	Provider of IT services and offers offshore software development services. The company offers research and development, quality assurance and testing, and custom application development. It also provides enterprise software implementation and maintenance services, specializing in applications from such vendors as Oracle and SAP. Its globalization and localization services include creating versions of software for different languages.
	['', 'IT service', ' ', 'offshore software development', '  ', 'custom application development', ' ', 'enterprise software implementation', ' ', 'software maintenance service', ' ', 'Software quality assurance', ' ', 'software testing', '']
Jaczone
	Creator of a software-development platform. The company is the developer of the WayPointer, a technology platform enabling software modeling and testing, as well as document handling & generation. The platform also can be used to support ERP implementation or contracting processes.
	['', 'software organization', ' ', 'software development', '']
Integrated Chipware
	Developer of software development tools and operating systems. The company provides products that allow teams to manage requirements for products and projects throughout the development lifecycle at an enterprise level.
	['', 'software development tool', ' ', 'operating system', ' ', 'manage projects', '']
Hive Media
	Provider of media development services. The company offers media development services, creation of graphic designs, illustrations, concept art and technology consulting.
	['', 'media development service', ' ', 'graphic design', ' ', 'concept art', '']
