Regiohelden
	Provider of online marketing services. The company helps local advertisers with search engine marketing software to reach their online audience, convert prospects to actual clients and measure the results of campaigns.
	['', 'local online advertising', ' ', 'marketing and advertising', ' ', 'local advertising', '']
Encounter Development Technologies
	Provider of end-to-end technology and online marketing services, including design, build, hosting and online marketing support. The company utilizes their pre-built applications to provide the platforms in which to base solutions for businesses looking to utilize video technology to increase online collaboration and interaction.
	['', 'online marketing', ' collaboration ', 'video technology', '']
SmartReceipt
	Provider of personalized nutrition and marketing messages that enable consumers to make better food decisions. The company provides innovative marketing services that enable retailers to generate incremental revenue and influence consumer purchasing decisions.
	['', 'personalized nutrition', ' ', 'nutrition information', ' ', 'consumer purchasing decision', ' ', 'marketing management software', '']
Nomi (Acquired)
	Provider of marketing-optimization platform for retailers. The company provides a platform enabling retailers to create a unified view of their customers across all channels, by leveraging real-world customer behavior into existing CRM, loyalty and e-commerce platforms.
	['', 'store infrastructure', ' ', 'customer behavior', ' ', 'reward loyal customer', ' ', 'offline analytic', ' ', 'marketing optimization', '']
Band Digital
	Provider of digital marketing services. The company connects audiences, targets, and customers to brands, products, and services.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'connection agency', ' ', 'business intelligence service', '']
Omniture
	Provider of online business optimization software. The company hosts and delivers Omniture Online Marketing Suite, as an on-demand solution, as well as an on-premise solution that consists of Open Business Analytics Platform and integrated set of optimization applications for online analytics, channel analytics, visitor acquisition and conversion.
	['software data warehouse information']
Mixicom
	Operator of a YouTube multi-channel network. The company operates a YouTube channel network in which it gathers famous YouTubeurs for online marketing and advertising.
	['', 'marketing and advertising', ' ', 'channel network', ' ', 'online media marketing', '']
EmSense
	Developer of physiological and brainwave measurement technology. The company’s quantitative metrics provides insights that facilitate the creation and optimization of advertising, packaging, media content, online marketing, and the live in-store and virtual store shopping experiences. It also provides expertise and advancements in emotion tracking, cognitive neuroscience, analytics, and market research through its EmBand and now EmBand 24, a wireless non-invasive EEG neuroscience technology. In addition, the company combines neurometrics with stationary and mobile eye tracking.
	['', 'brainwave measurement technology', ' ', 'emotion tracking', ' ', 'mobile eye tracking', '']
New Media Gateway
	Provider of web-based enterprise marketing services. The company\'s marketing services include search engine marketing, marketing analytics, creative design, email marketing, and serves the agency, franchise, financial, energy, healthcare and insurance industries.
	['', 'marketing software', ' ', 'enterprise marketing', '']
RentMineOnline
	Provider of social network marketing services for the multifamily rental housing industry. The company acts as a referral management tool for the multi-billion dollar apartment rental market. It enables residents to get paid for marketing their properties to friends.
	['', 'rental housing society', ' ', 'referral management program', ' ', 'apartment rental', '']
Performable
	Provider of an internet marketing software. The company provides a marketing software platform for converting visitors into customers.
	['', 'online marketing', ' ', 'marketing software', ' ', 'internet marketing software', '']
Digital Railroad
	Provider of online photo archiving and marketing services. It offers photographers and agencies to manage, market, and sell their images.
	['', 'online photo archiving', ' ', 'photo marketing', ' ', 'sell image', '']
Online Marketing Group
	Operator of an online directory network. The company offers marketing services to businesses operating in Australia, by linking them to potential customers through their online directories. It allows businesses to create mini-websites and upload their logo, photos or video, promote special offers and share customer testimonials.
	['', 'online directory', ' ', 'customer acquisition', ' ', 'website development', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
IPLSHOP
	Provider of a marketing platform. The company provides a network platform of waxing professionals and consultants in Brazil.
	['', 'waxing consultant', ' ', 'network platform', ' ', 'health and wellness', '']
OnDialog
	Provider of tools to marketers to maximize acquisition of leads, conversion or prospects and retain customers using on-demand landing pages, micro sites and personalized URLs. The company\'s customers include online marketing affiliates, direct marketing agencies, and sports and entertainment marketing agencies.
	['', 'personalized URLs', ' ', 'on-demand landing pages', ' ', 'Search Engine Marketing', '']
NetFlip
	Provider of a pay-for-performance online marketing network. The company provides cash to customers for signing up for deals like credit cards, CD and book clubs, free web services and  cheap long distance travel.
	['', 'internet shop', ' ecommerce ', 'online shop', ' ', 'online deal', '']
freeXmedia
	Provider of an online digital marketing platform. The company provides digital marketing services to the automotive, digital entertainment, sport, active living, free-net and social media industry.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'marketing domain', ' ', 'market topography', '']
Pulpo Media
	Provider of technology enabled marketing services. The company works with leading online advertisers to help them dynamically localize and tailor their offerings for their diverse target markets.
	['', 'marketing service', ' ', 'online advertisement', ' ', 'diverse market', '']
TongCard
	Provider of the marketing services through distribution of reward cards. The company provides the marketing service to the organization by promoting them via distributing reward cards in the consumers.
	['', 'marketing service', ' ', 'product promotion', ' ', 'consumer attraction', '']
24h00
	Provider of an online retail marketing platform. The company provides branded marketing services to retail clients through its e-commerce website, which provides a changing topography of consumer discounts.
	['', 'online retail', ' ', 'discounted rates', ' ', 'shopping online', ' ', 'branded products', '']
XLMedia
	Provider of digital publishing and marketing services. provides marketing services to online gambling operators and develops proprietary tools and methodologies to drive high value users.
	['', 'digital publishing', ' ', 'marketing services', ' ', 'proprietary tools', '']
Apparel Media Group
	Provider of network marketing services to apparel industry. The company\'s platform delivers relationships with target consumers that brands can leverage to drive digital engagement metrics vital to fan acquisition, video distribution, content creation, CRM, and consumer insights initiatives.
	['', 'network marketing', ' ', 'marketing service', '']
Envoii
	Provider of online marketing services. The company develops a distributed software platform that allows businesses to leverage their current infrastructure while making transition to the next generation internet.
	['', 'e commerce', ' ', 'online marketing', ' ', 'online shopping', ' ', 'web services', '']
Groupon Japan
	Provider of daily deal coupons. The company provides website design and internet marketing services and also offers discounts to the online communities from the local businesses.
	['', 'daily deals', ' ', 'discount coupon', ' ', 'on-line coupon distribution', '']
Gydget
	Provider of a social marketing platform. The company helps music groups, teams, non-profits and other organizations reach their audiences.
	['', 'social marketing', ' ', 'online advertising', ' ', 'marketing widget', '']
VirtuOz
	Provider of Digital Customer Relationship system to large and mid-market enterprises. The company offers Intelligent Virtual Agents to provide world-class online marketing, sales and support channels.
	['', 'virtual agent', ' ', 'customer assistance', ' ', 'Digital Customer Relationship', ' ', 'Intelligent Virtual Agent', ' ', 'online marketing', ' ', 'support channel', '']
Marketbright
	Provider of an on-demand marketing automation platform. The company\'s products include eMarketing Enterprise, an on-demand platform to roll out new campaigns, messages and offers daily, and validate strategies; BrightSite, which changes the way prospects interact with sales and marketing teams during an evaluation; and ChannelBright, which runs syndicated campaigns through channels.
	['', 'marketing automation platform', ' ', 'marketing solution', ' ', 'marketing automation', '']
TellApart
	Developer of online marketing applications for ecommerce retailers. The company uses personalized retargeting technology to create banner advertisements and offers a platform that helps users to collect and organize cloud based customer data.
	['', 'display advertising', ' ', 'personalized banner', ' ', 'banner advertisement', '']
Peer Squared
	Operator of an online marketing and rewards platform. The company uses a combination of game-play mechanics, proprietary technology and incentives to harness the power of word-of-mouth marketing on the social web.
	['', 'proprietary technology', ' ', 'rewards platform', '']
Elogia Media
	Provider of an online marketing platform. The company provides e-commerce marketing services.
	['', 'online marketing platform', ' ', 'e-commerce services', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
Dealer.com
	Provider of online marketing services for the automotive industry. The company offers a suite of web services, including automotive dealer websites, search engine marketing, advertising and optimization tools, lead and inventory management tools and the analysis tools for online marketing and advertising programs. It also provides LeadMachine that allows users to capture, track, organize and follow-up on leads from one single online location and video integration, integrated call tracking, performance analytics, advertising Return On Investment (ROI) and Website performance.
	['', 'online marketing service', ' ', 'Web marketing service', ' ', 'inventory marketing', '']
Cardstore
	Operator of a platform that enables to design and message personalized greeting cards and invitations. The company offers the users to add customized photos and personalized messages to cards. The company provides business marketing services that include online greeting card and postcard, photo-card creation and presentation editing tools.
	['e-commerce ', 'personalized greeting cards', ' ', 'customized photos', ' ', 'business marketing', ' ', 'online greeting cards', '']
