Pharmaxon
	Developer of neurology and neuro-oncology drugs. The company engages in the discovery and development of drugs for nervous system disorders in which cell mobility is modified. The company\'s activities are currently concentrated on the development of therapies for spinal cord injury, memory disorders and glioblastoma. The company spun out of the Development Biology Institute of Marseille Luminy.
	['', 'neuro-oncology drugs', ' ', 'nervous system disorders', ' ', 'neurological drugs', '']
Maxia Pharmaceuticals
	Provider of non-dermatological applications of a patented library of compounds. The company focuses on small molecule drugs that target major diseases such as cancer and metabolic disorders.
	['', 'molecule drugs', ' ', 'metabolic disorders', ' ', 'cervical cancer', '']
Promic
	Developer of antibacterial drugs. The company focuses on discovery of drugs needed to treat hospital-acquired and community-associated infections.
	['antibiotic infection antibacterial cheminformatics']
Intellikine
	Developer of small molecule drugs that target signal transduction networks for the treatment of cancer, inflammation, and autoimmune disorders. The company\'s products include INK128, an orally-available TORC1/2 inhibitor for the treatment of solid tumor malignancies; INK1197, a small molecule dual PI3K selective inhibitor for patients with immune-mediated inflammatory diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis and asthma; and PI3K selective inhibitors for the treatment of hematologic malignancies and solid tumors.
	['', 'small molecule drug', ' ', 'cancer drug', ' ', 'drug for autoimmune disorder', ' ', 'treatment of solid tumor malignancie', '']
Vantia
	Developer of small molecule drugs. The company develops drugs for the treatment of nocturia, dysmenorrhoea, respiratory disorders, inflammation, oncological and fibrotic diseases.
	['', 'drug development', ' ', 'nocturia treatment', ' ', 'fibrotic disease treatment', '']
Chronogen
	Developer of small-molecule drugs to treat oxidative stress and lipid disorders in age-related diseases. The company develops human therapeutics to treat age-dependent diseases, with an initial focus on cardiovascular disorders and cancer.
	['', 'small-molecule drugs', ' ', 'human therapeutics', ' ', 'pharmaceutical industry', '']
Konova
	Developer of anti-obesity drugs. The company develops drugs that are used for the treatment of obesity.
	['', 'anti obesity drug', ' ', 'slimming drug', ' ', 'medical device', '']
Biophytis
	Developer of drugs for metabolic disorders and age-related diseases. The company develops nutraceuticals and drug candidates derived from active natural substances.
	['nutraceutical ', 'food supplement', ' ', 'metabolic disorder', ' ', 'drug candidate', '']
Neuromed Pharmaceuticals
	Provider of small molecule drugs for the Biopharmaceutical industry. The company develops drugs targeting neuronal calcium channels to treat neurological disorders with the initial emphasis on chronic pain anxiety and stroke.
	['therapy ', 'drug developer', ' calcium']
Ancile Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of botanical drugs. The company has a multi-drug portfolio, which includes ANPH 101, an investigational drug with indications for sleep maintenance disorders.
	['', 'botanical drug', ' ', 'chronic disease', ' ', 'prescription botanical drug', '']
Neolab
	Developer of antibiotics and generic medicines. The company specializes in registering generic medicines, with a particular focus on respiratory diseases. It also develops anti-inflammatory agents, antibacterial, and cardiovascular drugs.
	['', 'generic medicine', ' antibiotic ', 'respiratory disease', '']
Intercept Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of small molecule drugs for the treatment of chronic liver and metabolic diseases. The company develops therapeutics to treat orphan and more prevalent liver diseases in bile acid chemistry.
	['', 'molecule drug', ' ', 'chronic liver treatment', ' ', 'metabolic disease treatment', '']
Kinaxo Biotechnologies
	Developer of spectrum-specific kinase inhibitors. The company operates as a service company specializing in chemical proteomics methods to support the development of small molecule drugs. The company spun out of the Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry.
	['', 'kinase inhibitors', 'inhibitors', 'chemical proteomics', ' ', 'molecule drugs', '']
Interomex Biopharmaceuticals
	Developer of proteomic drugs. The company is engaged in the discovery and commercialization of novel targets and drugs in the proteomics area, for the treatment of viral, cancer and autoimmune diseases.
	['proteomics autoimmune']
Morphosys
	MorphoSys AG and its subsidiaries develops and commercializes antibodies for therapeutic applications. It also develops drugs together with its partners in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.
	['', 'antibody technology', ' ', 'human antibody', ' ', 'therapeutic antibody', '']
CareX
	Developer of drugs for metabolic disorders.
	['', 'metabolic disorder', ' ', 'metabolic disease treatment', ' ', 'obesity treatment', '']
Xcellsyz
	Developer of drugs for the treatment of diabetes and obesity. The company is using human cell-based systems biology to discover new drugs to treat metabolic diseases such as diabetes and obesity.
	['', 'obesity treatment', ' ', 'cell-based systems biology', ' ', 'metabolic diseases', '']
KeyNeurotek Pharmaceuticals
	Provider of bio pharmaceutical products. The company provides for development and marketing of small molecule drugs for the treatment of neuronal and autoimmune diseases.
	['', 'bio pharmaceutical product', ' ', 'molecule drug', ' ', 'autoimmune disease', '']
Carolus Therapeutics
	Developer of biopharmaceuticals aimed at treating acute and chronic inflammation. The company develops new drugs that are aimed to provide relief to patients suffering from a host of disorders triggered by acute and chronic inflammation.
	['', 'chronic inflammation', ' ', 'inflammation diseases', ' ', 'noninvasively monitor', ' ', 'organ transplantation', '']
Technologie BiolActis
	Developer of natural peptide mixtures for the treatment and prevention of diseases like lipid disorders, cardio-vascular disorders and metabolic syndrome. The company develops products for human wellness, concentrating on metabolic disorders and obesity-associated conditions weight management, systemic and local inflammation, hyperlipidemia, metabolic syndrome, hypertension, diabetes and cancer.
	['', 'peptide mixtures', ' ', 'metabolic syndrome', ' immunotherapy ', 'metabolic drug', ' ', 'nutraceutical drugs', '']
Ionis Pharmaceuticals
	Provider of antisense drug discovery and development exploiting a novel drug discovery platform it created to generate a pipeline of first-in-class drugs. The company\'s provides a direct route from genomics to drugs. The company discovers and conducts early development of new drugs and, at the key clinical value inflection points, outlicense the drugs to its partners.
	['', 'antisense drug', ' ', 'drug delivery', '']
PRADAMA
	Developer of drugs for bone diseases and disorders.
	['', 'bone disease', ' ', 'bone disorder', ' ', 'bone drugs', '']
