Paisley
	Provider of solutions for governance, risk and compliance (GRC). The company is the software vendor which provides solutions for financial controls management, internal audit, operational risk management, compliance, IT governance, and enterprise risk management.
	['audit ERM compliance ', 'IT governance', '']
VCON Video Conferencing
	Provider of video-conferencing systems and products. The company offers standards-based systems and infrastructure, which are operated over a variety of networks. The company sells internationally through a global distribution network to business enterprises, government agencies, financial institutions, broadcasters, universities and colleges, distance learning companies, health-care organizations, and satellite companies.
	['', 'videoconferencing products', '  videoconferencing']
Brabeion Software
	Provider of IT governance, risk, and compliance management software. The company offers Polaris Knowledgebase, a comprehensive knowledgebase of IT governance, risk, and compliance content.
	['', 'IT governance', ' ', 'compliance management', ' ', 'compliance content', '']
Neohapsis
	Provider of mobile and cloud security services. The company provides governance, risk and compliance products and services to address the risk management, regulatory and information protection needs of global enterprises and government agencies.
	['', 'compliance software', ' ', 'governance software', ' ', 'mobile security', '']
SignaCert
	Provider of partner-based information technology (IT) compliance solutions for organizations and government agencies in the United States. The company’s products detect, assess and provide the notifications of compliance issues; provide the whitelist measurements of commercially available and open source software. Its products enable IT organizations to prove compliance with standards and regulations.
	['', 'partner based IT', ' ', 'software whitelist measurement', ' ', 'standard compliance', ' ', 'compliance notification', ' ', 'prove compliance', ' ', 'regulation compliance', '']
The Vincam Group
	Provider of small and midsized businesses with staffing-related services. The company establishes a co-employer relationship with clients by providing services in such areas as human resources, regulatory compliance and tax administration, employee benefits, payroll tax and risk management.
	['', 'Human Capital Management', ' ', 'staffing-related services', ' ', 'HR Business Process', '']
Neohapsis (Acquired by KSR)
	Provider of mobile and cloud security services. The company work with global enterprises to address their constantly evolving information security and compliance challenges.
	['', 'cloud services', ' ', 'business products and services', '']
Qubera Solutions
	Provider and designer of technology services for solving business related problems. The company offers technical expertise and strategic partnerships in the ares of identity and access management, governance, risk and compliance, directory and data services and portal and content management.
	['', 'access management', ' ', 'risk analysis', ' ', 'content management', '']
iSIGHT Partners
	Provider of cyber security risk-management services. The company provides cyber threat tracking and security services for corporates as well as government enterprises.
	['', 'global network security', ' ', 'intelligence service', ' ', 'intelligence products', ' ', 'intelligence service', ' ', 'intelligence product', ' ', 'security analysis', ' ', 'cyber security', ' ', 'cyber threat', '']
Sendmail
	Provider of a message processing platform consisting of appliances, applications and services. The company provides appliance-based products, applications, and services that allow enterprises and government agencies to architect and deploy secure mail and message infrastructures.
	['', 'message processing platform', ' ', 'message infrastructure', ' ', 'message inspection', ' ', 'mobile device', '']
