Band Digital
	Provider of digital marketing services. The company connects audiences, targets, and customers to brands, products, and services.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'connection agency', ' ', 'business intelligence service', '']
SmartReply
	Provider of voice and mobile messaging solutions to retailers and retail brands in the United States and Canada. The company delivers solutions for loyalty, credit, and promotional marketing, as well as hosts Webinars and seminars. It also offers mobile marketing, text messaging, and email marketing solutions.
	['', 'marketing program', ' ', 'telephone marketing', ' ', 'email marketing', ' ', 'marketing solution', '']
New Media Gateway
	Provider of web-based enterprise marketing services. The company\'s marketing services include search engine marketing, marketing analytics, creative design, email marketing, and serves the agency, franchise, financial, energy, healthcare and insurance industries.
	['', 'marketing software', ' ', 'enterprise marketing', '']
Performable
	Provider of an internet marketing software. The company provides a marketing software platform for converting visitors into customers.
	['', 'online marketing', ' ', 'marketing software', ' ', 'internet marketing software', '']
Augure
	Developer of influencer marketing software. The company develops public relations and influencer marketing software which assists companies and their agencies to detect their key influencers, build awareness, engage stakeholders and collect real time analytical metrics of their reputational impact.
	['', 'reputation management', ' ', 'real time metric', ' ', 'marketing software', '']
TargetCast Networks
	Operator of a digital advertising company that provides venue operators to create and post their own and custom designed promotional messages directly on television sets. The company gives every affiliate restaurant the ability to create customized marketing messages for their store and their customers. It promotes featured products and introduces new products.
	['', 'digital advertising', ' advertising ', 'venue operator', ' ', 'customized ad', ' ', 'television ad', ' ', 'customized marketing', ' ', 'marketing message', ' ', 'marketing campaign', ' ', 'product promotion', ' ', 'sales increase', '']
Demonstrate
	Provider of brand activation and communication related services. The company offers equity storytelling campaigns related services both online and offline.
	['', 'brand marketing', ' ', 'brand communication', ' ', 'field marketing', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
OnDialog
	Provider of tools to marketers to maximize acquisition of leads, conversion or prospects and retain customers using on-demand landing pages, micro sites and personalized URLs. The company\'s customers include online marketing affiliates, direct marketing agencies, and sports and entertainment marketing agencies.
	['', 'personalized URLs', ' ', 'on-demand landing pages', ' ', 'Search Engine Marketing', '']
freeXmedia
	Provider of an online digital marketing platform. The company provides digital marketing services to the automotive, digital entertainment, sport, active living, free-net and social media industry.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'marketing domain', ' ', 'market topography', '']
Pulpo Media
	Provider of technology enabled marketing services. The company works with leading online advertisers to help them dynamically localize and tailor their offerings for their diverse target markets.
	['', 'marketing service', ' ', 'online advertisement', ' ', 'diverse market', '']
TongCard
	Provider of the marketing services through distribution of reward cards. The company provides the marketing service to the organization by promoting them via distributing reward cards in the consumers.
	['', 'marketing service', ' ', 'product promotion', ' ', 'consumer attraction', '']
XLMedia
	Provider of digital publishing and marketing services. provides marketing services to online gambling operators and develops proprietary tools and methodologies to drive high value users.
	['', 'digital publishing', ' ', 'marketing services', ' ', 'proprietary tools', '']
Pictoris Interactive
	Provider of internet marketing services. The company offers interactive agency services with clients including Accor, Groupe Danone and Lotus.
	['', 'internet marketing', ' ', 'Management consulting', ' intranets']
Yield Software
	Provider of an Internet marketing software for advertisers and digital media agencies. The company offers Web marketing solutions that automate, simplify, and optimize the process of marketing on the Internet. It also provides search engine optimization, which is a process of enhancing Web pages; search engine marketing, which evaluates keywords, ads, and bids; pay-per-click campaign management; and landing page optimization solutions.
	['', 'Internet marketing software', ' ', 'Internet marketing application', ' ', 'Web marketing solution', ' ', 'search engine optimization', ' ', 'on-line marketing tool', ' ', 'Internet marketing', ' ', 'web marketing software', '']
Apparel Media Group
	Provider of network marketing services to apparel industry. The company\'s platform delivers relationships with target consumers that brands can leverage to drive digital engagement metrics vital to fan acquisition, video distribution, content creation, CRM, and consumer insights initiatives.
	['', 'network marketing', ' ', 'marketing service', '']
GetRelevant
	Provider of network of marketing websites. The company connects marketers of both online and offline businesses and services with a broad network of Web sites to maximize the earning potential of both partners.
	['', 'marketing website', ' ', 'business marketing', '']
Socially Accepted Games
	Developer of social network games and gamification marketing services. The company creates social games as part of core marketing activities for brand owners, merchandisers/event promoters and labels/band managers.
	['gamification ', 'marketing technology', '']
Cima Systems
	Provider of marketing communications tools for the automotive industry. The company\'s marketing communication systems enables dealership\'s interaction with customers and prospects. It also enables dealers to fix appointments via web and automated phone and provides ROI analysis on marketing campaigns.
	['', 'marketing system', ' ', 'marketing communication', ' ', 'CRM system', ' ', 'communication system', ' ', 'ROI analysis', '']
Netcentives
	Provider of a suite of programs for relationship marketing technologies and services. The company delivers personalized email, rewards and recognition marketing technologies and programs that increase efficiency and productivity.
	['', 'direct marketing service', ' ', 'relationship marketing', ' ', 'marketing technology', '']
