CreativeHub
	Designer and Developer of websites and Builder of mobile and social media applications for entrepreneurial companies. The company works with businesses in a variety of industries, including advertising, technology, entertainment, financial services, communications, media, consumer products, real estate, apparel and retail.
	['', 'Marketing and Advertising', ' communication entrepreneurial']
Mortgage.com
	Operator of an online mortgage platform. The company offers an online platform that provides mortgage services for the residential real estate industry.
	['']
Domusclick
	Provider of an online real estate portal. The company operates an online portal focused on real estate allowing members to upload information regarding intent of sale or purchase of property. The website acts as a platform between buyers and sellers of property helping them to close on a deal.
	['', 'real estate platform', ' ', 'online real estate platform', ' ', 'property sale', ' ', 'property purchase', '']
Ascotfirst.com
	Owner and operator of an online property portal. The company offers the facility to apply for online quotes, mortgages, conveyancing or removals.
	['', 'online portal', ' ', 'property portal', ' ', 'real estate website', '']
Cartavi
	Provider of cloud based document sharing platform. The company\'s platform allows everyone involved in a real estate transaction to securely manage and share documents from any computer, tablet or smartphone.
	['', 'document sharing', ' ', 'real estate document', ' ', 'real estate transaction', ' ', 'mobile real estate', '']
Healthcor
	Owner and operator of commercial real estate, lease employees and provider of managed healthcare to it\'s participants. The company owned and operated the Michigan HMO known as Great Lakes Health Plan, Great Lake Health Services, First Care Health Plan and F.C. Real Estate. The company was acquired by United Health Group in February, 2004.
	['', 'managed care', ' ', 'managed healthcare', ' ', 'real estate services', '']
American Boarding
	Provider of real estate services. The company offers real estate properties and rental housing products and services.
	['', 'rental housing', ' ', 'rental property', ' ', 'property development', '']
Martemyanovo
	Owner and operator of residential real estate properties. The company trades and leases real estate properties in Mexico.
	['', 'residential properties', ' lease rent']
Trulia
	Provider of a real estate search engine. The company offers information on search sales statistics, real estate price trends and real estate market activities. It allows users to find homes for sale, as well as provides advertising products for real estate professionals.
	['', 'real estate market', ' ', 'search engine portal', ' ', 'real estate listing', ' ', 'online listing', '']
Ethimmo
	Provider of social housing services. The company caters to the real estate industry and offers housing facilities for families and single people with limited financial possibilities.
	['', 'social economy', ' ', 'moderate rent', ' ', 'disadvantaged people', ' houses']
Cityfeet.com
	Provider of online commercial real estate information. The company offers commercial real estate products and services catering to the national and local needs of the commercial real estate industry.
	['', 'real estate products', ' ', 'real estate services', ' ', 'commercial real estate', '']
Dichanphone
	Developer of pre-installed real estate related mobile phone software applications. The company develops a joint distribution and financial channels used as marketing platform for real estate agency, real estate developers, financial institutions.
	['', 'mobile phone software', ' ', 'joint distribution', ' ', 'financial channels', '']
Enviro Global
	Provider of real estate-related and marketing information databases. The company develops advanced data compilation, transformation and delivery technology designed to transform and distribute substantial amounts of information from disparate sources. They provide information through Internet licensing agreements and under long-term service contracts to multiple listing services, realtor associations, and other information companies located primarily in the eastern United States.
	['', 'data compilation', ' ', 'marketing information', '']
Sciences-U Groupe
	Provider of professional training courses in France. The company provides vocational training in multiple sectors, including graphics & design, management & human resources, data processing, communications, marketing, tourism, accounting, real estate, insurance, Web design and notary. The company operates facilities in Lille, Paris and Lyon.
	['marketing ', 'professional training', ' communication']
Skire
	Provider of cloud-based solutions for managing capital projects, facilities and real estate. The company offers Unifier, an integrated solution suite developed on a collaborative Web-based platform that optimizes and integrates critical business processes, data and documents in the organization. The company\'s solution comprises Real Estate Management solution for portfolio, transaction and lease management and Integrated Workplace Management System, which provides the visibility and tools that support strategic decisions from initial planning, through project execution or creation of the asset and into the ongoing operations, maintenance and real estate management. The company also provides consulting and training services.
	['', 'internet softwares', ' ', 'real estate management solutions', ' ', 'programmed softwares', ' ', 'real estate services', '']
Searchandise Commerce
	Provider of e-commerce and search solutions for product manufacturers and retailers. The company provides HitList, a service designed to help retailers monetize previously untapped online real estate by integrating manufacturer bids into the rendering of how products are presented, as well as represents an opportunity for manufactures to leverage cost per click bidding to elevate position and boost visibility across a network of retail sites.
	['e-commerce ', 'data collection', ' ', 'clickshare analysis', ' ', 'retail network', ' ', 'in-store merchandising', '']
Yoko Toshikaihatsu
	Provides real estate services. The company is shifting its business emphasis from property sales to property management in a process of business restructuring. It is engaged in the investment planning, development and sale of apartments. It is also involved in brokerage and leasing of real estate properties.
	['', 'investment planning', ' ', 'real estate service', ' ', 'property development', ' ', 'business restructuring', '']
