Vidus
	Provider of field service automation solutions.
	['', 'field automation', ' ', 'field automation service', ' ', 'field service solution', '']
Pertinence
	Provider of predictive, rules-based data-mining solutions. The company provides Enterprise Manufacturing Intelligence (EMI) software solutions and analytical solutions that enable manufacturers, operators, and maintenance organizations to meet their business goals while addressing inherent industry challenges and realizing unprecedented ROI.
	['data ', 'enterprise manufacturing', ' ', 'artificial intelligence', ' ', 'analytical solution', '']
Amazon Robotics
	Developer of mobile material handling solutions for the storage, movement and sortation of products. The company\'s mobile fulfillment system include ItemFetch for picking items OrderFetch, a sortation system for routing orders to the dock door and CaseFetch, which delivers pallets to workers for case picking or forward replenishment.
	['', 'material handling', ' ', 'mobile material handling', ' ', 'sortation system', '']
FieldMaster Solutions
	Developer of service automation solutions that combines Internet-based service management and dispatch system. The company develops mobile field service management and productivity software for small businesses and provides work order management and field technician productivity tools.
	['', 'field service', ' ', 'productivity software', ' ', 'customer service', ' ', 'work order management', '']
Basis100
	Provides business solutions to the mortgage lending community. The company’s lines of business included lending solutions for consumer credit, mortgage origination and processing, data warehousing and analytics solutions for automated property valuations, property data-warehousing, data products and analytics support, and capital markets solutions for fixed income trading.
	['', 'financial services', '']
Ecutel Systems
	Provider of networking and enterprise mobility solutions. The company specializes in developing software solutions for secure, mobile access and mobile enterprise management. Its products include Viatores mobile VPN, and infrastructure command and control. It serves government, public safety, healthcare, education, and enterprise customers.
	['mobile network software networking']
Jive Software
	Jive Software Inc provides communication and collaboration solutions for business. The Company sell its products through a direct sales force, both domestically and internationally.
	['', 'social business software', ' ', 'social software', ' ', 'business software', '']
Thinque Systems
	Provider of mobile enterprise applications for sales force automation and field force automation. The company develops and markets wireless, mobile electronic customer relationship management and field force automation software services.
	['', 'mobile enterprise', ' ', 'sales force automation', ' ', 'field force automation', '']
Enigmatec
	Provider of automation solutions for physical and virtual resource management. The company offers Execution Management System, an automation solution to implement run book automation solutions that describe the process of cataloguing, codifying, testing, and automating the manual, scripted, and ad hoc procedures used to manage information technology (IT) environments.
	['resource management automation ', 'user interface', '']
Aligo
	Developer of mobile software solutions. The company offers a suite of mobile business solutions designed to provide mobile workers with access to applications and data from any location and from any device. Its applications solutions range from mobile email to highly complex field force automation solutions.
	['', 'mobile software', ' ', 'software solution', ' ', 'automation solution', ' ', 'mobile business', '']
MobileIron
	Provider of a mobile IT platform to secure and manage mobile applications, documents and devices. The company’s cloud-based software enables end-users to access their applications and data anywhere on the device of their choice, as well as providing access security.
	['', 'application management', ' ', 'document management', ' ', 'mobile device', ' ', 'mobile platform', '']
ASPEED Software
	Provider of application acceleration and optimization solutions. The company provides solutions for accelerating applications for multi-core, multi-CPU, cluster and grid configurations.
	['', 'risk management application', ' ', 'application acceleration', ' ', 'application optimization', '']
Green Border Technologies
	Provider of malware prevention, mobile PC safety, unauthorized downloads prevention, patching and data confidentiality solutions. The company also offers protection on corruption, theft and invasion of business data systems, as well as engages in the protection of enterprises from internet threats that are picked up by compulsively-clicking users and mobile PCs.
	['', 'patching technology', ' ', 'data confidentiality', ' ', 'data system invasion', ' ', 'data system theft', ' ', 'internet threat protection', ' ', 'DMZ technology', ' ', 'malware prevention', ' ', 'mobile PC safety', '']
iMedeon
	Provider of wireless web applications for mobile workforce management. The company\'s software suite is designed to optimize scheduling, routing and facilitate the dispatching and management of mobile workforces.
	['', 'wireless web applications', ' ', 'web-enabled', '']
Newspage
	Developer of worldwide mobile applications. The company\'s products include services like enterprise services, sales force automation services, field force management system for organizations, delivery of retail merchandising, pickup and delivery of consignments, field service and logistics.
	['', 'web application', ' ', 'consumer good', ' ', 'enterprise service', ' ', 'retail merchandising', '']
Spatial Wireless
	Developer of software-based networking solutions for mobile networks. The company provides software based and multi standard distributed mobile switching solutions.
	['', 'network solution', ' ', 'mobile network', ' ', 'mobile switching', ' ', 'network switching', ' ', 'networking software', '']
