Adept Cloud
	Provider of cloud-based file-sharing and collaboration services. The company is the provider of a cloud-managed, private collaboration service, designed to enable security, control and privacy for enterprise communications on multiple devices.
	['', 'cloud-managed service', ' ', 'collaboration service', ' ', 'internal collaboration', ' ', 'collaboration software', ' ', 'file sharing', ' ', 'file-sharing', '']
Cypher Genomics
	Provider of cloud-based genomic analytic services. The company develops a proprietary ranking algorithm that is more effective at disease variant identification compared to other methodologies.
	['', 'genomic analysis', ' ', 'proprietary ranking algorithm', ' genomics']
Found Software
	Provider of a file-sharing and collaboration platform. The company allows users to search for, find and discover their files, documents and data across devices and cloud services.
	['', 'file sharing', ' ', 'data search', ' ', 'file discovery', ' ', 'data collaboration', '']
Hojoki
	Provider of a cloud based applications to solve the problem of information fragmentation. The company supports individuals in tracking application and connects task management and communication with the productivity application.
	['', 'productivity tool', ' ', 'information fragmentation', ' ', 'collaboration service', '']
Via Response Technologies
	Provider of cloud-based classroom tools. The company\'s platform leverages mobile smart devices, tablets and enables student-teacher interaction through the cloud.
	['', 'teaching software', ' ', 'cloud software', ' ', 'interaction platform', '']
Dispatch
	Provider of cloud based data management services. The company provides cloud-based file sharing services. It also offers group email addresses for the projects.
	['', 'cloud sharing movement', ' ', 'cloud sharing management', ' ', 'cloud file sharing', ' ', 'file sharing', '']
LiveLOOK
	Provider of cloud based customer collaboration tools. The company has developed a sales and customer service tool that allows company agents to instantly view a customer\'s screen and provides instant screen sharing sessions for online presentations and collaboration.
	['', 'collaboration tool', ' ', 'customer service tool', ' ', 'screen sharing platform', '']
Librato
	Provider of a cloud-based monitoring platform for development and operations teams. The company\'s platform monitors the metrics and events important to their application deployments, while leaving metrics storage, analysis, annotation and alerts as an easy-to-deploy service that can scale with their operation.
	['', 'monitoring software', ' ', 'resource management', ' ', 'infrastructure software', '']
Torbit
	Provider of a cloud-based website accelerator. The company provides tools to help businesses measure website performance and quantify how speed impacts their revenue.
	['', 'website accelerator', ' ', 'website performance', ' ', 'website optimization', ' ', 'website management', '']
