SCT Spinal Cord Therapeutics
	Developer of therapy for acute and chronic spinal cord injuries. The company focuses on the treatment of nervous system injuries. The company provides therapy that allows the regeneration of injured nerves following their natural nerve tract, thus enabling the recovery of sensory and motor function.
	['', 'chronic disease', ' ', 'spinal diseases', ' nerves ', 'sensory function', '']
Culavis
	Researcher of a biosensoric process. The company develops a non-invasive diagnostic method for disease detection, which detects metabolite in body liquids.
	['', 'biosensoric process', ' ', 'biological research', ' ', 'disease detection', ' ', 'life science', '']
United Orthopedic Group
	Manufacturer of non invasive orthopedic rehabilitation products. The company also offers complimentary services designed for clinical effectiveness and patient satisfaction.
	['', 'orthopedic product', '  ', 'rehabilitation product', '  ', 'clinical service', '']
Atrionix
	Developer of catheter-based system for the treatment of atrial fibrillation. The company has developed several patented medical devices which will eliminate the need for surgical intervention in the treatment of atrial fibrillation. It provides a permanent cure for AF patients.
	['', 'catheter-based system', ' ', 'atrial fibrillation', ' ', 'medical devices', '']
Corventis
	Developer of medical technologies for curing cardiovascular diseases. The company\'s core product is a non-invasive monitor designed for measing different aspects of the heart’s function.
	['', 'medical technology', ' cardiovascular healthcare']
Afferent Corporation
	Developer of medical devices to treat chronic neurological dysfunction. The company\'s lead technology enhances the function of mechanoreceptor cells involved in sensory perception as a means of restoring brain function following stroke, improving elderly balance and addressing complications resulting from diabetic neuropathy.
	['', 'neurological dysfunction', ' ', 'therapy devices', ' ', 'noninvasive devices', ' neuromodulation']
Molecular Biometrics
	Developer of non-invasive clinical tools to evaluate normal biologic function. The company offers medicines and drugs which focuses on reproductive health, neurodegenerative diseases, maternal fetal medicine, pulmonary metabolism and edema, and lactate metabolism.
	['', 'non-invasive clinical tools', 'pharmacodiagnostics', '\\tDiagnostic Equipment', '']
L.G. Med
	Developer of a passive non invasive extravasation patch detector. The company\'s device identifies the rate at which intravenous medication is delivered to patients and will alert medical professional with an alarm and stop the flow of medication should there be an error.
	['', 'intravenous site', ' ', 'non invasive', ' ', 'non invasive', '']
BMJ Medical Management
	Provider of management services to physician practices that focus on musculoskeletal care. The company focuses on musculoskeletal care, which involves the medical and surgical treatment of conditions related to bones, muscles, joints, and related connective tissues.
	['', 'surgical treatment', '']
Lunar
	Developer of  bone disease diagnostic systems. The company develops, manufactures and markets bone densitometers and other related medical equipments and products for the treatment of osteoporosis and other metabolic bone diseases that causes excessive bone loss due to aging.
	['', 'bone diseases', ' osteoporosis ', 'bone densitometers', ' ', 'bone loss', ' ', 'metabolic bone disease', '']
Percutaneous Systems
	Developer of medical devices for kidney stone procedures. The company is focused on developing and commercializing devices for the treatment of endourologic kidney stones.
	['', 'endourologic treatment', ' ', 'kidney stone treatment', ' ', 'microcatheter system', '']
UroTec
	Provider of tissue-engineering services for the treatment of urologic disease. The company focuses on treatment of urethral stricture, ureteral strictures, ureteral anomalies and hypospadia.
	['', 'urologic disease', ' ', 'urethral stricture', ' hypospadia ', 'tissue engineering', '']
Exogen ( Ultrasound Bone Healing System )
	Developer of medical devices for the non-invasive treatment of bone injury and disease. The company focuses on the biophysical modulation and treatment of musculoskeletal injuries and disease.
	['', 'medical devices', ' ', 'non invasive treatment', ' ', 'bone injury', ' ', 'biophysical modulation', ' ', 'musculoskeletal injuries', '']
Intelect Medical
	Developer of deep brain stimulation (DBS) therapies and technology for patients suffering with disabilities from stroke and traumatic brain injury. The company focuses on developing an implantable neuromodulation system for stroke and traumatic brain injury recovery.
	['', 'deep brain stimulation', ' ', 'brain injury treatment', ' ', 'neuromodulation system', '']
HealthSouth
	Operator of an inpatient rehabilitation hospitals that provide rehabilitative treatment on an inpatient and outpatient basis. The company operates inpatient rehabilitation hospitals that offers rehabilitative care services to patients in various medical conditions, such as strokes, neurological disorders, hip fractures, head injuries and spinal cord injuries.
	['', 'inpatient rehabilitation hospital', ' ', 'neurological disorder', ' ', 'rehabilitation hospital', '']
Neurolutions
	Provider of devices, based on Brain Computer Interface (BCI) technology. The company focuses on restoring function to patients who are disabled as a result of neurological injury.
	['', 'computer interface technology', ' ', 'neurological injury', ' ', 'neurological treatment', ' ', 'mobility device', '']
