Legends Optical 4.0
	Operator of optical laboratories. The company provides facility equipped with the lens processing technology.
	['', 'eyeglass lenses', ' ', 'lens processing', ' facility']
Winbox Technologies
	Provider of connected TV technology for original equipment manufacturers (OEs) and service providers. The company\'s hardware and software products are designed to speed the process of developing IPTV receivers, video-on-demand systems (VOD), hard disk video recorders (PVR / DVR), connected TVs and set-top boxes. The company also works to connect OEMs with Asian manufacturers.
	['', 'television service', ' ', 'internet protocol television', ' ', 'video on demand', ' ', 'Entertainment Software', '']
Big Frame
	Provider of media production and marketing services. The company creates video advertising campaigns.
	['', 'media production', ' ', 'marketing service', ' ', 'video campaign', '']
Smarterphone
	Provider of an operating system for mobile phones. The company provides software to enable original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to bring new devices to market. The company\'s product includes an application suite connecting top-layer applications with the underlying platform, targeting major carrier requirements. The company also can customize the software on client request.
	['', 'mobile handset', ' ', 'end user application', ' ', 'multimedia tool', '']
Ubiq
	Operator of a marketing and sales organization. The company is specialized in software development, licensing and distribution for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), large accounts and retail markets.
	['', 'original equipment manufacturer', ' OEM ', 'electronic software distribution', ' CRM']
Phorus
	Developer of digital audio systems which connected wirelessly with automobiles.
	['', 'audio system', ' ', 'digital audio', ' ', 'wireless technology', '']
Novafora
	Developer of digital-processing technology. The company creates video processors for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of digital devices.
	['', 'video processing', '']
Imsense
	Developer of various methods for automated enhancement of images. The company develops and licenses algorithms to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and independent software vendors (ISVs) to improve and complement their own software products. It developed several digital image enhancement services, including a compression technology, that improve the quality of all digital images (including videos) to make them look real, and as actually remembered.
	['', 'digital image enhancement', ' ', 'automated enhancement', ' ', 'licenses algorithms', ' ', 'video editing', '']
Chameleon Systems
	Provider of reconfigurable communications processors. The company offers reconfigurable communications processors for wireless infrastructure equipment manufacturers. The company\'s products include a reconfigurable processing (RCP) platform for the internet and a digital signal processing (DSP) platform.
	['', 'communication processor', ' semiconductor']
VizionWare
	Developer of digital inter connect cables and adapters. The company offers high definition multimedia interface (HDMI) digital interconnects, fiber optic HDMI interconnects, digital visual interface (DVI) digital interconnects, HDMI-to-DVI digital interconnects, switcher and digital audio synchronizers, integrator-friendly accessory products, HDMI and DVI swivel adapters, HDMI connector locking mounts, and heavy duty cable pull through socks. It serves home theater, commercial, original equipment manufacturer and consumer markets.
	['', 'inter connect cable', ' adapter ', 'high definition multimedia interface', '']
Colloquis
	Producer of self-service tools that enable to answer customer questions with a natural language processing technology. The company provides interactive agent technology and conversational online business solutions.
	['', 'language processing', ' ', 'conversational online', ' ', 'agent technology', ' ', 'messaging platform', '']
