Clarity Visual Systems
	Provider of digital messaging technology. The company\'s digital visual messaging (DVM) systems include large rear-projection, plasma and Digital Light Processing (DLP) displays, along with content management software used to create retail advertising, business presentations and other multimedia displays.
	['multimedia ', 'digital messaging', ' ', 'customer need spectrum', ' ', 'hardware integration', ' ', 'software integration', ' ', 'messaging content development', '']
Mobile 365
	Provider of mobile messaging and data services. The company offers mobile messaging services, including short message services, multimedia messaging service, video, and wireless application protocol services for mobile operators, brands, portals, content providers, and media companies worldwide.
	['', 'mobile messaging', ' ', 'data service', ' ', 'wireless application', ' ', 'content provider', '']
MessageClick
	Provider of internet-based outsourced messaging services including fax, voice and unified messaging. The company offers its services directly to end-users and through service providers, which include cable operators, telephone companies, and major ISPs.
	['telecommunications ', 'internet service provider', ' ', 'cable operators', '']
eVector
	Developer of an online messaging platform. The company develops a multiple access messaging platform that offers stock prices and other content services for mobile devices.
	['', 'messaging platform', ' ', 'mobile commerce', ' ', 'digital messaging platform', '']
3Jam
	Developer of a reply-all text messaging service. The company\'s service helps users to text message multiple contacts at once. It\'s product helps all message recipients to see who got the message as well as provides a “reply to all” feature. It offers voice calls, email, mobile email, IM, mobile IM, and push to talk services.
	['', 'text messaging', ' ', 'multiple SMS', ' ', 'reply-all service', ' ', 'multiple contact', ' ', 'push to talk', ' ', 'mobile IM', '']
OZ Communications
	Provider of consumer mobile messaging solutions. The company offers OZ Mobile IM, a solution that enables mobile operators to offer access to already established instant messaging services; OZ Consumer Email, an email solution for consumer mobile phones and devices to send and receive emails to friends and family; and OZ SmartMail, an email solution for savvy, small business, and home business professionals.
	['', 'consumer mobile messaging', ' ', 'instant messaging service', ' ', 'email service', '']
WebMessenger
	Provider of enterprise mobile messaging software. The company offers mobile real-time presence VoIP, and collaboration products for enterprises and workers.
	['', 'enterprise messaging service', ' ', 'messaging software', ' ', 'mobile communication', '']
