WedSnap
	Developer of Web applications to wedding consultants and Website developers. The company offers tools that allow wedding consultants and Website developers to engage with brides.
	['', 'web application', ' ', 'wedding consultant', ' ', 'website developer', '']
MoboTap
	Developer of a browser technology for mobile devices. The company is a mobile technology developer which has created Dolphin Browser, a web browser created for andriod, iOS phone and tablet users.
	['', 'browser technology', ' ', 'mobile technology', ' ', 'web browser', '']
Dimdim
	Developer of web conferencing solutions. The company also provides content sharing and management; web page and desktop sharing; documents and slides sharing; web collaboration; broadcasting; and chatting services. The company’s products include Dimdim Pro and Dimdim Enterprise.
	['', 'web conferencing', ' ', 'content sharing', ' ', 'content management', '']
Crossgain
	Developer of tools and applications to enable customers to build web services. The company rely on emerging Web standards that make it easier for applications to talk to one another, as well as on open-source technologies such as the Linux operating system.
	['', 'web service', ' ', 'wed standard', ' ', 'operating system', '']
AppArchitect
	Developer and operator of an online platform for creating mobile applications. The company provides a browser based platform which allows users to build, test and publish applications into respective application stores to reach their customers.
	['', 'platform software', ' ', 'application store', ' ', 'publish application', '']
WebShaka
	Developer of a Web desktop platform. The company is the creator of YouOS, a platform replicating a desktop environment on a Web page. The platform allows users to login and save their work from multiple computers, to centralize all their Web services and files in one place, and to share files and apps with others. The platform operates on Javascript.
	['', 'manage files', ' ', 'development tools', ' ', 'desktop platform', ' ', 'desktop environment', '']
Cloud Cliques
	Developer of web and retail technologies. The company has developed a fashion technology which allows users to virtually try on clothes in real time on their 3D digital clone and see how items will fit, look and move their exact body both in the retail space and online.
	['', 'retail technology', ' ', 'web technology', ' ', 'fashion technology', ' ', 'digital clone', ' 3D']
Phoenix Studio
	Developer of internet software. The company offers various software products such as TheWorld  Browser which is a multi-tabbed web browser, DisplayX which is designed to test the LCD screen, WinterSweet Dictionary which helps in translation of language and ThinkPad TackScroll Tool which makes software compatible with MSN messenger and iTunes.
	['', 'internet software', ' ', 'TheWorld  Browser', ' ', 'DisplayX', '']
HylioSoft
	Developer of web mapping applications. The company offers an application which allows users to create, manage and publish online maps without any knowledge of programming.
	['', 'web mapping', ' ', 'online map', ' ', 'rich internet applications', ' RIA']
Infogami
	Provider of a wiki application framework. The company\'s wiki platform is used to support the internet archive\'s open library project and the web.py web framework.
	['', 'internet archive', ' ', 'wiki application', ' ', 'open library', ' ', 'platform application', ' ', 'web application', '']
Voxli
	Developer of a browser-based group voice chat platform. The company allows gamers and team members to visit a web link to join a group chat session.
	['', 'voice chat', ' ', 'group voice chat', ' ', 'group chat', '']
Perceptual Networks
	Developer of social mobile and web applications. The company is a developer of social mobile and web applications which helps users to connect with their community, friends, co-workers and life partner.
	['', 'consumer web application', ' ', 'people finding platform', ' ', 'people search', '']
280 North
	Developer of web applications. The company provides web browser to create presentations, source project that allows users to deliver desktop-class applications on the web.
	['', 'web application', ' ', 'web browser', ' ', 'desktop application', '']
Flowtown
	Developer of web applications which helps businesses to connect customers.
	['', 'social discovery', ' ', 'social media marketing', '']
Oddpost
	Developer of web-based communications applications that look and feel like desktop programs. The company is also building products focused on the emergence and acceptance of the open RSS standard as a means of publishing online content.
	['', 'communication application', ' ', 'online publishing content', ' ', 'web-based email', ' ', 'news service', '']
AGILEci
	Provider of an online application for data analytics and insight propositions for sales and marketing users. The company offers a secure Web browser application that works on desktops, laptops and tablets which helps enterprises to know their customers.
	['', 'data analytic', ' ', 'Web browser application', ' astute ', 'insight proposition', '']
FireTower.app
	Developer of web applications. The company provides a platform that allows developers to find javascript errors in their websites.
	['', 'web application', ' ', 'javascript error search', ' ', 'online application platform', '']
Omiino
	Manufacturer of programmable microchips for telecom applications. The company\'s technology allows users to deliver silicon in a field upgradable format.
	['', 'FPGA platform', ' ', 'Optical Transport Silicon', ' microchips ', 'telecom applications', '']
