Crux Biomedical
	Developer of a preventive device for pulmonary embolisms. The company provide Crux VCF System, that stops the blood clots from reaching the lungs. It is useful for patients at risk of pulmonary embolism who can\'t tolerate blood thinners, method of preventing clots.
	['', 'medical device', ' ', 'vascular device', ' ', 'inferior vena cava filter', ' ', 'pulmonary embolism', ' IVC']
Accord Biosciences
	Developer of practical sensor systems to measure nitric oxide and its carriers in blood for clinical and research applications. The company utilizes its proprietary membrane, sensing and stabilization technologies to release nitric oxide from blood’s natural reserve in plasma and reproducibly detect it with practical, cost-effective sensing systems. Nitric oxide serves critical bodily functions, including proper blood vessel function and protection against infections, thereby servings as a powerful platform molecule for Accord\'s diagnostic and research product pipelines.
	['', 'sensor system', ' ', 'blood plasma', ' ', 'blood vessel', ' ', 'pulmonary arterial hypertension', ' ', 'nitric oxide', '']
Access Closure
	Manufacturer of vascular closure devices. The company\'s products include Mynx delivery system, a vascular closure device that seals the arteriotomy using a water-soluble and extravascular sealant, which expands in the tissue tract by absorbing blood and subcutaneous fluids.
	['', 'vascular closure', ' ', 'diagnostic procedure', ' ', 'tissue tract', ' ', 'subcutaneous fluid', ' ', 'medical device company', ' vascular']
Atheromed
	Provider of catheter based medical devices for the treatment of peripheral artery disease (PAD). The system is designed to treat vessel diameters from the small vessels at the ankle up to the larger vessels located above the knee.
	['', 'peripheral arterial disease', ' ', 'atherectomy device', ' ', 'catheter based device', ' peripheral']
Lemaitre Vascular
	Provider of innovative devices for the treatment of peripheral vascular disease. The company\'s products include EndoFit Thoracic Stent Graft used for the repair of thoracic aortic aneurysm and dissection, UniFit Abdominal Stent Graft for abdominal aortic aneurysm, VascuTape Radiopaque Tape for the improvement of endovascular procedures, and AnastoClip Vessel Closure System for the attachment of blood vessels, primarily for dialysis access. It\'s product portfolio also comprises of LeMaitre Balloon Catheters for the removal of blood clots, occlusion, and facilitation of blood flow, Reddick Cholangiogram Catheter for the introduction of dye into the cystic duct, and OptiLock Implantable Port, a central venous infusion of drugs and nutrients.
	['']
Venetec International
	Provider of catheter securement systems. The company develops infusion-safety products dedicated to eliminating the dangers to patients and healthcare workers caused by suture and tape securement of IVs.
	['catheter ', 'catheter securement systems', ' infusion-safety ', 'securement systems', '']
Cardoz
	Developer of pharmaceutical products in the field of cardiovascular inflammation. The company is focused on the development of drugs for inflammatory vascular conditions, such as abdominal aortic aneurysm and atherosclerosis.
	['', 'pharmaceutical products', ' ', 'cardiac equipment', ' pacemakers']
MicroVention
	Developer of catheter-based technologies for the endovascular treatment of peripheral and cerebral vascular diseases. The company offers HydroCoil Embolic System, an endovascular embolization device combining platinum microcoil technology for the treatment of fistula and peripheral vascular aneurysms; and MicroPlex Coil System, which is an embolization device that include framing, helical filling, and finishing coils for use in various types of aneurysm morphologies.
	['', 'catheter based technology', ' ', 'cerebral vascular treatment', ' ', 'healthcare service', ' ', 'endovascular treatment', ' ', 'endovascular embolization device', '']
