Map Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of novel inhalation therapies for respiratory and systemic diseases. The company develops innovative drug that focuses on providing better treatments for patients with neurological diseases.
	['', 'novel inhalation', ' ', 'neurological diseases', ' ', 'bio pharma drug', '']
Ilypsa
	Developer of renal care pharmaceutical products. The company develops non-absorbed polymeric phosphate and potassium binder compounds to treat chronic kidney diseases.
	['', 'renal care', ' ', 'kidney disease treatment', ' ', 'healthcare industry', '']
Intracellular Therapies
	Developer of drugs for the treatment of diseases and disorders of the Central Nervous System (CNS). The company develops compounds to treat neuropsychiatric and neurological diseases. It also develops a state of the art technology platform for generating a unique molecular signature for drug compounds.
	['', 'neuropsychiatric disease treatment', ' ', 'neurological disease treatment', ' ', 'drug compound', ' ', 'drug development', '']
Gensia Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of drugs to treat cardiovascular diseases. The company\'s drug research programmes involve technology based on purine-pyrimidine metabolism, which have application in the treatment of cardiovascular, cerebrovascular and neurological diseases.
	['', 'cardiovascular diseases', ' ', 'purine-pyrimidine metabolism', '']
LifeSpex
	Provider of accurate, rapid, and cost-effective products for the early detection of cancer. The company develops its new products by combining advanced biophotonic and state-of-the-art signal processing technologies.
	['', 'cancer detection', '']
Radient Technologies
	Provider of pharmaceutical intermediates, nutraceutical compounds and oil from biomass. The company is engaged in the extraction, purification and isolation of naturally derived compounds and ingredients. It produces natural substances by combining an extraction platform, microwave assisted processing, with expertise in the areas of purification and isolation.
	['nutraceutical ', 'microwave assisted processing', ' ', 'naturally derived compound', '  biomass']
Xytis
	Developer of central nervous system (CNS) drug candidates. The company is assembling a pipeline of innovative compounds with validated mechanisms of action, addressing major unmet clinical needs in CNS fields such as Schizophrenia, Traumatic Brain Injury, Depression, Anxiety, or Insomnia. It has two clinical stage compounds in development and operates from the USA, UK and Switzerland.
	['', 'central nervous system', ' ', 'nervous system disorder', ' ', 'cognition enhancement', ' ', 'schizophrenia treatment', '']
Salient Interventions
	Developer of drug for neurologic diseases. The company develops products focused on early treatment of neurologic diseases and reversal of neurologic deficits.
	['neurologic ', 'neurologic deficits.', '']
Ipsen Bioinnovation
	Provider of  biologics platform generating a pipeline of Targeted Secretion Inhibitors (TSIs) to treat diseases where secretion is the major driver, including pain, endocrine conditions and cancer. The company genetically engineers bacterial toxins to develop novel drugs that inhibit abnormal cell secretion, a key component of many diseases. The company is focused on the treatment of neurological, inflammatory and endocrine diseases.
	['', 'genetical engineering', ' ', 'abnormal cell secretion', ' ', 'Developer of drug', '']
BRAINco Biopharma
	Developer of personalized treatments for nervous system diseases. The company develops new diagnostic tools and treatments against nervous system diseases optimizing individual drug treatment response, increasing remission rates and decreasing relapses rates.
	['', 'nervous system', ' ', 'antiepileptic treatment', ' diazepam phenitoin']
Catalyst Pharmaceutical Partners
	Developer of a pharmaceutical company. The company focuses on in-licensing, developing and commercializing prescription drugs to treat rare (orphan) neuromuscular and neurological diseases, including Lambert-Eaton Myasthenic Syndrome (LEMS), infantile spasms and Tourette\'s disorder.
	['in-licensing ', 'prescription drugs', ' spasms']
PRADAMA
	Developer of drugs for bone diseases and disorders.
	['', 'bone disease', ' ', 'bone disorder', ' ', 'bone drugs', '']
