GeckoGo
	Operator of an online travel website. The company provides travel website for travelers which enables them to post, discuss and read travel information and reviews. It also develops travel applications for mobile phones.
	['', 'travel application', ' ', 'travel website', ' ', 'travel resource', '']
Toothpick
	Provider of an online platform to book dentists appointments. The company provides a dentist finder platform where dentist can show their available appointments and patients can easily book in and become a new patient at their practice.
	['', 'online appointment', ' ', 'online dentist', ' ', 'online appointment platform', ' ', 'dental platform', ' dentist ', 'online dental appointment', '']
Snowbon
	Provider of an online booking platform for ski and related activities. The company provides a system to book ski lift tickets, skiing equipment and also provides information regarding the hotels and climate.
	['', 'online booking platform', ' ', 'ski lift ticket', ' ', 'skiing equipment', '']
Travelmenu
	Operator of an online travel agency. The company operates as a hotel booking engine and provides online retail of travel products, including hotels, flights and package holidays.
	['', 'online travel agency', ' ', 'hotel booking', ' ', 'package tour', '']
Panraven
	Provider of online storytelling services. The company provides a multimedia service that enables the users to chronicle and communicate their life experiences through stories that can be viewed and shared online and printed in books.
	['', 'online storytelling', ' ', 'pre trip planning', ' publishing']
Easy Market
	Developer of online booking systems for travel agencies specializing in tour packages, special offers, last minute and low cost flights.
	['', 'booking system', ' ', 'tour package', ' ', 'low cost flight', ' ', 'computerised reservation', '']
GetThere
	Operator of online corporate travel and collaboration solution. The company provides platform for reservation of rail,car,hotels online. The company combines travel, collaboration and expense solutions to help corporations connect and grow business.
	['', 'global service infrastructure', ' travel']
Hotwire
	Provider of discount travel services. The company offers deep discounts from its travel suppliers to help travelers book unsold airline seats, hotel rooms, and rental cars.
	['discount ', 'rental car', ' ', 'hotel rooms', ' airline ', 'discount airfare', ' ', 'discount travel', '']
Burufly
	Provider of an online travel portal. The company offers an online platform that enables users to search for places to travel in Indonesia and book hotels and flights.
	['', 'travel site', ' ', 'travel portal', ' ', 'tour packages', '']
ExperienceOn Ventures
	Operator of a website which will make internet hotel search faster. The company offers flexible travel options to its clients to enhance their travel experience and support their travel plans.
	['', 'hotel search', ' ', 'travel solution', ' ', 'travel experience', ' travel']
Fly.pl
	Provider of online travel services. The company is the provider of a Polish-language booking site for international flights and travel packages.
	['', 'travel services', ' ', 'holiday packages', ' ', 'airline tickets', ' ', 'online travel', ' ', 'booking site', ' ', 'international travel', '']
redBus
	Provider of an online bus ticketing service. The company enables users to book bus tickets through phone, home delivery, physical outlets or even SMS.
	['', 'online bus ticket', ' ', 'booking service', ' ', 'online ticketing', '']
G2 SwitchWorks
	Provider of travel distribution solutions for travel suppliers and agents in the United States. The company offers products for ticket fare search, ticket booking, and automated exchange and refunds.
	['', 'travel distribution', ' ', 'travel supplier', ' ', 'ticket booking', '']
WorldMate
	Developer of mobile travel itinerary management platform. The company\'s platform collates structured itineraries by recognizing and then parsing confirmation emails from all significant travel providers worldwide. It provides travelers with services such as itinerary updates and changes, flight delays and cancellations.
	['', 'mobile travel software', ' ', 'android application', ' ', 'personal travel assistant', ' ', 'business travel', '']
Chang Xiang Hangzhou Network Technology Co.
	Provider of travel management services to businesses. The company operates a site that provides travel services including travel management and travel credit for firms, non-profit entities and governments. It also provides hotel and air ticket booking services for enterprises.
	['', 'travel management', ' ', 'travel services', ' ', 'travel credit', ' ', 'ticket booking', '']
BedandBreakfast.com
	Operator of an online bed and breakfast directory and reservation network. The company also offers gift cards for bed and breakfast travel online. It enables its users to search and make reservations for bed and breakfast home stays, country inns, urban bed and breakfasts, guest houses, lodges, cabins, historic hotels, small resorts, guest ranches, farmhouse accommodations, and working farm and ranch vacations located in the United States, Canada, and internationally.
	['', 'bed and breakfast directory', ' ', 'bed and breakfast travel online', ' ', 'bed and breakfast home stay', ' ', 'online reservation', ' ', 'travel agency', '']
Vamo Labs
	Provider of online travel planning. The company offers a website enabling users to book a full vacation or business trip online.
	['', 'online hotel reservation', ' ', 'travel and tourism', ' ', 'flight booking', '']
