Aptara
	Provider of digital publishing software. The company offers PowerXEditor, an online authoring tool that focuses on content sharing and management, publishing, and digital rights management.
	['', 'publishing services', ' ', 'Digital publishing', ' ', 'Digital content production', '']
Clarity Visual Systems
	Provider of digital messaging technology. The company\'s digital visual messaging (DVM) systems include large rear-projection, plasma and Digital Light Processing (DLP) displays, along with content management software used to create retail advertising, business presentations and other multimedia displays.
	['multimedia ', 'digital messaging', ' ', 'customer need spectrum', ' ', 'hardware integration', ' ', 'software integration', ' ', 'messaging content development', '']
Widevine Technologies
	Developer of encryption and key-management software systems which enable secure video services on broadband networks. The company offers Cypher, a downloadable conditional access and digital rights management solution, which secures linear broadcast, video on demand, file downloads, and streamed media; and Mensor, a theft deterrent and consumer identification solution that enables content owners, content aggregators, and service providers to track and identify where, when, and to what devices multimedia content is distributed.
	['', 'encryption software', ' ', 'video security', ' ', 'broadband network', ' ', 'digital right', ' ', 'linear broadcast', '']
Digitalsmiths
	Owner and Operator of a video indexing and digital content publishing technology company. The company\'s computer-vision based video indexing search and interpretation algorithms empowers content owners and publishers to monetize their digital video content and advertisers to automatically target their advertisements.
	['', 'video indexing', ' ', 'digital publishing', ' ', 'Multimedia & Design Software', '']
eTree Marketing
	Internet retailer of computer and digital products.
	['', 'online shopping', ' ', 'internet shopping', ' ', 'digital product', '']
Snocap
	Provider of digital licensing and copyright management services. The company offers MyStores, which enables artists and labels to sell the content over the Internet. It also provides digital music and technology services.
	['', 'digital licensing', ' ', 'copyright management', ' ', 'content management', ' ', 'digital registry', '']
Base79
	Provider of digital rights management and monetization platform. The company develops rights management technology that simplifies the digital video landscape.
	['', 'digital technology', ' ', 'monetization platform', ' ', 'digital video landscape', '']
MediaVast
	Provider of visual content and related services. The company operates as a digital commerce company which provides a digital content management, licensing, and distribution platform to print and online media institutions, advertising agencies, broadcast networks, mobile carriers, communication agencies and other publishing enterprises.
	['', 'visual content', ' ', 'digital commerce', ' ', 'digital content management', ' licensing']
ByteShield
	Developer of software activation management solutions for personal computer games. The company products control software piracy for personal computer application software and game publishers. It provides Digital Rights Management or Copy Protection software products.
	['', 'software activation management', ' ', 'software piracy control', ' ', 'personal computer game', ' ', 'digital rights management', '']
CarrierChoice
	Provider of procurement services for digital communications. The company works with enterprise clients in sourcing and buying data, Internet, hosting and voice services, using proprietary technology reinforced through vendor-neutral support.
	['', 'Internet services', ' ', 'telecommunications services', ' ', 'data services', '']
Reciprocal
	Provider of digital rights management and digital commerce services. The company offers end-to-end e-commerce services for digital content distribution over the internet and also digital rights management services for all types of content, including digital music, text, video and software.
	['', 'digital rights', ' ', 'digital rights management', ' ', 'digital commerce', ' ', 'digital content distribution', '']
Tacit Knowledge
	Provider of digital commerce consultancy service to retail organizations. The company provides Web development, integration, content management and application support to retail brands.
	['', 'digital commerce consultancy', ' ', 'internet retailer', ' ', 'web development', '']
OpenTrust
	Provider of software and cloud security services. The company provides software products to governments, financial institutions, enterprises and citizens for managing digital identities and securing electronic transactions and documents. It provides digital identity such as corporate, citizen, object and cert identity, digital signature and digital transaction for secure exchange of documents and transactions with complete traceability.
	['', 'security software', ' ', 'digital identity', ' ', 'digital signature', ' ', 'cloud security', '']
ZEFR
	Provider of content rights management to movie studios on YouTube. The company allows its users to search, find, watch, discuss and share movie clips from movies. It also offers a website that offers a collection of movie clips on YouTube.
	['', 'social marketing', ' ', 'rights management', ' ', 'video solution', ' ', 'online video platform', '']
Licensario
	Developer of a technology that helps independent software vendors and SaaS businesses build flexible pricing models and sell their products. The company also manages the end-user rights management, gives detailed analytics and insights, integrates with the business customer relation management.
	['', 'pricing models', ' ', 'software developer', '']
On Demand Distribution
	Provider of online digital music distribution services. The company offers a distribution infrastructure, based upon the Microsoft Windows Media platform which provides for the secure download of music in a number of formats which can then be played on consumer PC\'s using the Microsoft Windows Media Player. The company also offers a distribution platform which allows retailers to use their own existing commerce system, and provide digital audio products, and rights management as an integral part of the commerce chain.
	['', 'digital music', ' ', 'music download', ' ', 'commerce system', ' ', 'digital audio products', '']
Blendagram
	Developer of technology for the digital marketplace. The company provides a proprietary technology aimed at driving revenue for digital content owners.
	['', 'monetization platform', ' ', 'digital content', '']
Mixed Signals
	Provider of digital content monitoring technology for multi-channel service providers, including cable, IPTV, Telco, satellite and broadcasters.
	['', 'digital content monitoring', ' ', 'network monitoring', ' ', 'content verification', '']
iMusica
	Operator of a digital content management and distribution company. The company is a digital content provider for mobile operators and music services in Latin America. It develops download and streaming platforms and provides music branding services for various brands.
	['', 'content management', ' ', 'digital content management', '  ', 'streaming platforms', '']
MusicVision
	Provider of worldwide digital rights to top musical talent. The company provides sponsorship programs as well as access to its online network. The company provide coordinated online and offline promotions, utilizing advertising and direct mail. The company also has telecommunication fulfillment capabilities and leverages its collection of digital rights to acquire and retain subscribers for its ISP and wireless offerings.
	['', 'digital rights', ' ', 'music talent', ' ', 'Music network', ' ', 'music rights', '']
Quotient Technology
	Provider of printable coupon marketing and technology services. The company offers promotion, advertising, and direct marketing services. It also offers an all-digital coupon clearing platform which serves as an automated end-to-end digital coupons service.
	['', 'online coupon', ' ', 'printable coupon', ' ', 'promotion service', ' ', 'coupon clearing', '']
