Watch Hill Partners (CRM Program)
	Provider of electronic customer relationship management and technical service offerings. The company is a management business consulting firm with a full line of business. The company provides customer relationship management consulting to help clients with that help of a regional team that stays on a project throughout the implementation lifecycle.
	['', 'customer relationship management', '']
Kentor
	Provider of information technological consultancy services. The company provides computer system integration services and software products for application management, billing, business development, business intelligence, customer relationship management and quality assurance.
	['', 'system integration', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'it consultancy', '']
Amyyon
	Developer of Client Relationship Management (CRM) systems for both business-to-business and business-to-consumer markets. The company provides services such as electronic client file, food management, waiting list management, volunteer support relationship and document management.
	['', 'client relationship manager', ' ', 'document management', ' ', 'electronic client', '']
Brierley
	Provider of customer relationship management and loyalty program services. The company creates, manages and supports loyalty and CRM programs for globally recognized companies working in various fields.
	['', 'loyalty program', ' ', 'CRM marketing', ' trademarking']
Keen Systems
	Developer of Web to Print concept on-demand services. The company\'s software helps print publications transition to online retail. It also provides with the cloud-based system includes tools for customer relationship management and account management.
	['', 'web to Print', ' ', 'print media', ' ', 'online print', '']
Veeva Systems
	Provider of cloud-based software for the global life-sciences industry. The company offers software for multichannel, customer relationship management (CRM) and regulated content management. The company\'s software also serves pharma, animal health and consumer health.
	['', 'life sciences industry', ' CRM']
boondoggle
	Provider of digital branding services. The company assists its corporate clients in branding through the uses of an online technologies such as messaging, email, (Customer relationship management)CRM, content management and interactive television.
	['', 'digital branding', ' ', 'digital promotion', ' ', 'content management', '']
Intelligent Results
	Provider of customer analytics and decision management software. The company also provides solutions for collection, recovery, marketing and customer service.
	['', 'decision management', ' ', 'customer analytics', ' ', 'software platform', '']
CrowdEngineering
	Provider of a social CRM (customer relationship management) and social care services. The company\'s product \'CrowdForce\' transforms the corporate customer base and web community into groups of valuable employees who may be involved in various business processes such as customer support, sales and marketing.
	['', 'crowd force', ' ', 'customer support', ' ', 'social care services', '']
Aurum Software
	Provider of Customer Relationship Management solutions for automating global sales, marketing, and customer service operations.  The company\'s products are based on advanced client/server and Internet/Intranet technologies and provide businesses with integrated, adaptable and mobile software solutions.
	['customers, relationship, relationship management, customer management, software, global sales, marketing, customer service, customer service operations']
Convio
	Provider of on-demand customer relationship management (CRM) software and services. The company provides a platform focused on multiple areas of nonprofit activities, including special events, e-fundraising, e-marketing, advocacy and content management.
	['', 'CRM software', ' ', 'data sharing', ' ', 'donor management', ' ', 'constituent engagement', '']
VirtuOz
	Provider of Digital Customer Relationship system to large and mid-market enterprises. The company offers Intelligent Virtual Agents to provide world-class online marketing, sales and support channels.
	['', 'virtual agent', ' ', 'customer assistance', ' ', 'Digital Customer Relationship', ' ', 'Intelligent Virtual Agent', ' ', 'online marketing', ' ', 'support channel', '']
Cypress Golf Solutions
	Developer of customer relationship management software for the golf industry. The company offers marketing tools that give golf courses the ability to market products and services directly to their customers.
	['', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'golf industry', ' ', 'marketing tools', '']
404 Found!
	Provider of customer relationship management (CRM) services and software, and online marketing.
	['CRM ', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'crm software', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
Commence
	Provider of customer relationship management software for small to mid-size enterprises. The company offers various software technologies for the front office business processes, and specializes in cloud-based customer relationship management and business process automation software.
	['', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'front office', ' ', 'business process automation', '']
Tectura North America
	Provider of business consulting services. The company offers training programs for Microsoft Dynamics AX that supports multiple languages and currencies for sustained relevance across geographies; Microsoft Dynamics GP for financial and operational functionality; Microsoft Dynamics NAV that delivers industry-specific functionality along with multi-language and multi-site capabilities; Microsoft Dynamics SL for professional and field services and construction management organizations and Microsoft Dynamics CRM, a customer relationship management service.
	['', 'business consulting service', ' ', 'business technology service', ' ', 'enterprise resource planning', '']
Epiphany.com
	Developer of for software for customer relationship management. The company provides integrated set of software tools for analysis of customer data and marketing campaign management.
	['', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'customer data analysis', ' ', 'marketing campaign management', '']
SensiX
	Provider of customer relationship management services. The company\'s services include classic CRM consultation such as the production of specifications and support with the selection of tools.
	['', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'crm consultation', ' ', 'sap crm', '']
