Class Connect
	Provider of lesson crowd-sourcing tool for teachers. The company provides an online platform which enables teachers to find, build and share lesson plans.
	['', 'crowd-sourcing tool', ' ', 'educational services', ' ', 'educational and Training', '']
Atrenta
	Provider of realization services for the semiconductor and electronic systems industries. The company designs and develops a system on chip that pinpoints structural, coding and consistency problems in register transfer language (RTL) and enables users to fine tune testability during RTL creation.
	['', 'electronic system', ' ', 'electronic equipment', ' ', 'register transfer language', '']
Brainglass
	Provider of educational mobile applications. The company\'s language learning applications combine the concepts of audiobook, e book, dictionary and exercises into one engaging learning environment on a user\'s mobile phone.
	['', 'learning application', ' ', 'learning environment', ' ', 'mobile education', '']
Lattice Voice Technologies
	Provider of multilingual software. The company develops and provides language software to enterprises which aim at communicating with non English speakers.
	['', 'multilingual software', ' ', 'language software', ' ', 'non English speaker', ' ', 'Communication Software', '']
Retention Education
	Provider of a learning environment for workers, parents, families and communities. The company builds language, workforce, parenting and life skills. It offers various education programs, including family literacy program and English and Spanish language learning. It serves foodservice, hospitality and construction industries.
	['', 'learning environment', ' ', 'parenting skill', ' ', 'construction industry', ' ', 'education solution', '']
Boundless Learning
	Provider of e-learning services. The company offers online educational content for students, educators, and self-learners. It focuses on higher education.
	['', 'e-learning service', ' ', 'educational content', ' ', 'reinventing textbook', '']
LingleOnline
	Operator of an online educational platform. The company provides an online learning platform which allows English language teachers and learners to generate learning materials from news articles.
	['', 'English language learning', ' ', 'lesson plan', ' ', 'language processing', '']
YongoPal
	Provider of an online platform for training English language. The company develops application that enables text based interactions between different people around the world and enhances cultural experience.
	['', 'english training', ' ', 'cultural exchanges', ' ', 'mobile app', '']
Straight Up English
	Provider of an English language learning software-as-a-service company. The company applies linguistic and education research based methodologies, advanced pitch line technology for feedback and self-correction, and consumer-oriented interface. It develops both web and mobile applications.
	['', 'mobile application', ' ', 'english language learning software', ' ', 'educational research', ' ', 'linguistic research', '']
e-Corp English
	Provider of English language training for companies. The company specializes in teaching corporate English to professionals and large companies.
	['', 'language training', ' ', 'english training', ' ', 'employee training', '']
