BioLucent
	Operator of women\'s health company, involved in the early detection and treatment of breast cancer. The company manufactures and markets the MammoPad breast cushion, a radiolucent foam cushion that breast centers use to provide women with a mammogram.
	['', 'breast cancer', ' ', 'MammoPad breast cushion', ' ', 'radiolucent cushion', '']
NewRiver
	Provider of innovative technology solutions that simplify investor disclosure, transparency and cost savings to the delivery of fund data and investor communications. The company pioneered the first electronic prospectus, and guarantee its data to be "compliance grade" which allows customers to reduce risk, lower compliance costs and increase revenues.
	['compliance ', 'summary prospectus', ' ', 'share class analysis', '']
Z-Tech
	Developer of cancer screening technology. The company has developed a a system that detects changes in electrical charges that occur when normal tissue undergoes malignant changes. The first use of this technology has been in the development of a medical device for the detection of breast cancer in a screening environment.
	['', 'monitoring equipment', ' ', 'medical diagnostic', ' malignant']
RGene Therapeutics
	Developer of gene therapy and other nucleic acid-based drugs. The company intends to develop and commercialize gene therapies for in-vivo approaches to ovarian and breast cancer, an ex-vivo anti-sense treatment for chronic myelogenous leukemia and other applications of its gene and nucleic acid delivery systems.
	['', 'gene therapy', ' ', 'nucleic acid', ' ', 'breast cancer', ' ', 'chronic myelogenous leukemia', '']
Orthotopix
	Developer of modelling products for cancer research. The company is a provider of cell, tissue and animal models modelling the prevention and treatment of breast cancer and prostate cancer, urodynamical models of urethral function and a cell line-based safety model of the endometrium. The company provided its products and services to drug-development companies.
	['', 'drug development', ' ', 'healthcare service', ' ', 'tissue modeling', '']
Seragon Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of orally active selective estrogen receptor degraders (SERDs) that represent a treatment for metastatic breast cancer. The company is developing breast cancer pharmaceuticals based on the selective estrogen receptor degraders platform, including its lead drug candidate, ARN-810, under evaluation for ER+ breast cancer.
	['', 'breast cancer', ' ', 'estrogen receptor degrader', ' metastatic']
Semler Scientific
	Provider of medical risk-assessment services. The company\'s mission is to develop, manufacture and market patented products that identify the risk profile of medical patients to allow healthcare providers to capture full reimbursement potential for their services.
	['', 'risk assessment', ' ', 'risk analysis', ' ', 'medical assessment', ' ', 'risk profile', '']
Suomen Terveystutkimus
	Provider of breast-cancer screening products and services. The company develops products and performs mammography screenings along with other clinical tests, to detect and treat breast cancer.
	['', 'breast cancer', ' ', 'mammography screening', ' ', 'cancer treatment', '']
NaniRx Therapeutics
	Developer of Precision Immune-Stimulants for the treatment of breast cancer and on Precision Tolerogens for the treatment of autoimmune disorders.
	['', 'drug development', ' ', 'autoimmune disorder', ' ', 'cancer treatment', '']
Windy Hill Medical
	Developer of medical devices to reduce the risk of developing breast cancer in high risk patients. The company intends to develop intraductal therapy for the prevention of breast cancer.
	['', 'breast cancer', '']
