Chip Xonio Online
	Provider information technology services. The company specializes in consumer technologies and also operates computer portal Chip Online.
	['', 'information technology', ' ', 'computer portal', '  ', 'Chip Online', ' telecommunications']
Proservia
	Provider of information technology services. The company offers operational maintenance services, architecture and integration services, information system governance services and training services.
	['', 'operational maintenance', ' architecture prototyping']
Digia
	Provider of information and communication technology services. The company is specializing in integrated information and communications technology services, smartphone and mobile research and development and telecom products.
	['', 'communication technology service', ' ', 'integrated information', ' ', 'mobile research and development', '']
Collabera
	Provider of information technology services. The company offers consulting services, such as business intelligence and data management, IT planning, infrastructure consulting, project and portfolio management, professional staffing and architecture and application practice and application services.
	['', 'business intelligence', ' ', 'portfolio management', ' ', 'professional staffing', '']
Top Aces Consulting
	Provider of airborne combat training services. The company provides airborne services, such as close air support training, anti shipping profile, airborne adversary support and aerial target towing.
	['', 'airborne combat training', ' ', 'combat training service', ' ', 'airborne adversary support', ' ', 'aerial target towing', ' ', 'Training Service', '']
Virtusa
	Provider of information technology services. The company\'s offerings include application outsourcing, technology implementation and technology consulting.
	['', 'application outsourcing', ' ', 'technology implementation', ' ', 'strategic planning', ' ', 'quality assurance', '']
Aubay
	Provider of information technology and business intelligence services. The company provides services to share and return information over multiple channels such as the Internet, call centers, SMS, as well as client server, departmental systems or more specialized areas such as Desktop Publishing. The company also provide services on infrastructure systems and networks to ensure the definition of architectures, systems administration, project integration and monitoring of operations.
	['', 'business intelligence service', ' ', 'information management', ' ', 'multiple channel', ' ', 'departmental system', ' ', 'system administration', '']
Intechra Group
	Provider of information technology, asset disposition, value recovery, and computer recycling services to businesses and governments. The company offers information technology asset disposition services, such as data security and computer re-marketing.
	['', 'information technology asset disposition', ' ', 'value recovery', ' ', 'computer recycling', ' ', 'data security', ' recycling ', 'asset disposition', '']
Agiliti
	Provider of information technology services. The company offers services that helps companies reduce costs, reduce risks and improve the reliability of their systems, networks and applications. It helps enterprises of all sizes achieve better IT performance through a modular suite of outsourced hosting and IT services.
	['', 'rentable software applications', ' ', 'hosting services', ' ', 'internet connection', ' ', 'enterprise hosting', '']
E Team
	Provider of professional services and information management solutions. The company also provides services, such as assessments, pre-implementation prep, life-cycle implementations, post implementation support, mentoring/training, project insourcing, contingency staffing, human capital hiring, and contract to hire. In addition, it offers services, which include industry/technology advisory, projects services, project insourcing, component outsourcing, contingency staffing, customized training, human capital hiring, and contract to hire.
	['', 'professional service', ' ', 'information management solution', ' ', 'project insourcing', ' ', 'contingency staffing', '']
Awarix
	Provider of communications and reporting tools to hospitals. The company\'s technology allow operational and administrative staff quick access to information across the healthcare enterprise.
	['', 'communication reporting', ' ', 'healthcare hospital administration', ' ', 'patient care', '']
Enjoyor Technology Group
	Provider of urban intelligent turnkey services. The company provides intelligent techniques, products and application services for industry users of urban traffic, digital treatment and intelligent architecture.
	['', 'turnkey service', ' ', 'urban traffic', ' ', 'commercial service', '']
Extensity
	Provider of financial and operational solutions. The company operates in two segments, Enterprise Application Systems and Industry Specific Applications. It also resells computer hardware and software, and provides various professional services, including application hosting, consulting, implementation services, and training.
	['', 'enterprise application systems', ' ', 'application hosting', ' ', 'IT implementation', '']
Striva
	Provider of data integration services. The company offers detail, infrastructure software, which combines native database access with agent-based technology platforms.
	['', 'data integration service', ' ', 'infrastructure software', ' ', 'native database access', ' ', 'technology platform', '']
Datell
	Provider of information integration services. The company supplies MES (manufacturing execution systems) and software for logistics for the solid bulk industry (solid bulk software) and the packaging industry (packaging logistics).
	['', 'manufacturing execution systems', ' ', 'solid bulk software', ' ', 'logistics software', ' ', 'efficiency software', '']
EdenWall Technologies
	Developer of IPS firewall and VPN security services. The company also offers training seminars and maintenance services, professional services, such as account management, security project design and implementation.
	['', 'IPS firewall', ' ', 'security services', ' ', 'account management', '']
Utilicase
	Provider of IT consulting and integration services. The company offers a range of asset care optimization and investment planning services. It provides a software platform designed to help companies manage and optimize their resources.
	['', 'IT consulting', ' ', 'integration services', ' ', 'asset care', ' ', 'investment planning', ' ', 'asset management software', '']
NTRglobal
	Provider of remote access technology and services for information technology (IT) service management and external customer support applications worldwide.
	['', 'remote access technology', ' ', 'customer support application', ' ', 'service management', '']
Kystlink
	Operator of ferry shipping services. The company schedules cargo traffic between Langesund and Hirtshals, and between Langesund and Strømstad.
	['', 'ferry shipping', ' ferry shipping cargo']
Ontrack Systems
	Provider of an information technology services. The company provides information technology enable services like Net Asset Value(NAV) and Enterprise resource planning(ERP) platform, enterprise business platform, information technology infrastructure management platform and consultancy services.
	['', 'enterprise resource planning', ' ', 'database software', ' ', 'technology enable service', '']
Protie
	Provider of information technology enabled services. The company provides outsourcing, hosting and architecture services primarily to Finnish corporations.
	['', 'network services', ' hosting virtualization']
Prewise Group
	Provider of b-to-b digital training services in Finland. The company provides digital training and communication services for business change implementation, sales and customer support, process implementation and professional skills development.
	['', 'process implementation', ' assessments ', 'orientation training', '']
SoHaTec
	Provider of information technology services to local government entities. The company\'s software platform is tailored to country-specific requirements for its clients, which include Germany and Ukraine.
	['', 'government information technology', ' ', 'local government', ' ', 'software platform', '']
