Slide
	Provider of online application for social networking websites. The company provides slideshow, image and video personalization, guestbook and virtual gift applications for social networks including Facebook, MySpace, Bebo, Friendster, Hi5 and Orkut.
	['', 'social networking application', ' ', 'online application', ' ', 'video personalization', ' slideshow ', 'social entertainment', '']
Brightkite (acquired 2009)
	Provider of location-based social networking website. The company provides a locaiton-based social platform that fosters relationships between potential strangers who happen to be in the same physical space.
	['', 'location based', ' ', 'online community', '']
Diddit
	Developer of the social networking site. The company\'s social platform enables people to discover new life experiences, get credit for activities done, share personal stories and connect with others like them.
	['', 'social interaction', ' ', 'online connectivity', ' ', 'social content', '']
eegoes
	Provider of a social networking site. The company provides a user-friendly platform for social interaction.
	['', 'user-friendly platform', ' ', 'social interaction', ' interaction']
Edenbee
	Provider of social networking site to reduce carbon footprint. The company provide an open source platform developed on an agile Ruby on Rails framework with a MySQL database that provides users with a series of Web 2.0 features to communicate around the central issues of climate changes and their carbon footprint.
	['', 'social networking site', ' ', 'carbon footprint', ' ', 'rails framework', '']
Primeloop
	Provider of an information tracking tool used in social networking websites. The company\'s tool makes it simple to bookmark, clip, and tag contents from a webpage and receive notifications about new comments, shares and engagement on all \'PR clippings\'.
	['', 'information tracking tool', ' ', 'social networking', ' bookmark notifications']
OSN Online Social Networking
	Operator of an online social networking platform. The company operates family networking websites for build family trees.
	['', 'family tree', ' ', 'family network', ' ', 'social engagement', '']
Chuisy
	Operator of a social networking platform for sharing shopping decisions. The company offers a social plugin for online shops, Chu Box which enables recommendation marketing and also helps in sharing shopping decisions with friends and customers, and get their feedback. It also offer services to retailers and offline merchants by connecting with customers.
	['', 'shopping decision', ' ', 'online shopping', ' ', 'fashion application', ' ', 'social shopping platform', '']
CrowdSavings.com
	Provider of an e-commerce marketplace offering consumers discounted products and services from local businesses and online retailers. The company provides customer acquisition campaigns to local merchants through email, social networking and affiliate partners.
	['', 'online retail', ' ', 'customer acquisition campaign', ' ', 'customer base enlargement', '']
Five Across
	Provider of social networking and community building technology. The company\'s web platform enables organizations to grow user communities with multimedia experiences.
	['', 'social content', ' ', 'community building technology', ' ', 'web platform', ' ', 'multimedia experience', '']
SocialThing
	Provider of social networking, rock band, and cupcakes services. The company solutions allow new ways to interact with persons online.
	['', 'rock band', ' ', 'online application', ' ', 'social design', '']
Spotsetter
	Provider of a social search engine that offers personalized recommendations for places to go. The company\'s platform uses a ranking algorithm that leverages each user’s content across different social networking sites.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'user content', ' ', 'search recommendation', '']
Soletron
	Provider of social networking platform. The company provides blogs, e-commerce and social networking facilities for designer, retailer and collectors to buy, sell and discuss.
	['', 'networking platform', ' ', 'social commerce', ' ', 'street wear', ' ecommerce']
In.Sites Media
	Developer of a social powered small businesses marketing and networking platform. The company helps small businesses and individuals to increase exposure and traffic volume by transforming their standalone websites into business pages at social networking sites, where traffic is constant.
	['', 'networking platform', ' ', 'businesses marketing', ' ', 'traffic volume ', '']
Fafarazzi
	Provider of an entertainment platform. The company provides entertainment news, pop culture games, social forums as well as fantasy celebrity leagues for its users. It brings together the idea of social networking plus celebrities.
	['', 'social software', ' ', 'entertainment platform', ' ', 'pop culture game', ' ', 'entertainment news', '']
eGuardian
	Provider of a software solution that blocks contact with online predators and filters out adult content without hindering a child\'s learning, social networking, and exploring opportunities. The company helps to make online communication, including social networking sites, chat, and email safe from sexual predators and adult content.
	['', 'online communication', ' ', 'block online predator', ' ', 'block adult content', ' ', 'social networking', '']
NutshellMail
	Provider of services that help in keeping track of social networking activities. The company was developed so that all the users who have multiple accounts on various social networking sites could keep track of their activities easily.
	['', 'social networking', '', 'social network application', '', 'social software', '']
linkedFA
	Provider of a social networking Website for financial & insurance professionals & investors. The company also provides access to more information and data on investments in a secure and private environment.
	['', 'social networking Website', ' ', 'social networking', ' ', 'networking platform', '']
Insoshi
	Provider of an online open-source social networking platform. The company provides social networking codes to the developers.
	['', 'source code', ' ', 'networking codes', ' ', 'online services', ' ', 'social networking platform', '']
Nexopia.com
	Developer of a social networking site. The company provides an online place for teens to connect and express themselves.
	['', 'networking site', ' ', 'online networking', ' ', 'social connection', '']
Orbius
	Provider of online social networking services. The company\'s platform is optimized for SEO at the page and application level. It is robust and scalable and is built on a flexible platform that enables rapid development of new features and applications.
	['', 'social networking', ' ', 'flexible platform', ' ', 'application development', ' ', 'feature development', ' ', 'create content', '']
Zoji
	Developer of a network of users that incorporates reviewing and social networking features for the internet community. The company aims to make invitations social with various web 2.0 features for users creating invites.
	['', 'photo sharing', ' ', 'photo tagging', ' ', 'internet community', ' ', 'restaurant review', ' ', 'social networking', '']
Singly
	Provider of an open source personal data and application platform. The company\'s platform integrates third-party services in both web and mobile applications. It offers methods to speed up the process of writing code to authenticate users via third-party services and other data from various social networks and other services.
	['', 'social data', ' ', 'data management', ' ', 'data transfer', '']
Momo
	Provider of a location-based social networking application. The company provides a free platform enabling users to communicate through voice, photos and text, while being aware of real-time distance between themselves and the person they\'re messaging.
	['', 'navigation system', ' ', 'GPS tracker', ' ', 'global positioning system', ' ', 'social networking application', '']
Hipster
	Provider of a web platform for answering questions and queries of users. The company provides social networking services.
	['', 'web platform', ' ', 'answer provider', ' ', 'query blog', '']
Bragster
	Provider of an online entertainment platform. The company provides social networking platform that enables the user perform dares and challenges.
	['challenge ', 'social network', ' dare']
