Zip2
	Operator of a mobile media company which creates applications that enable business partners to engage and interact with their target audiences via mobile devices. The company operates Zumobi Network, a portfolio of interconnected mobile media applications, which enable user discovery of applications and content, network cross-promotion, and viral distribution, as well as provide reporting metrics on usage and behavior.
	['', 'mobile media', ' ', 'interconnected mobile media', ' ', 'media application', '']
GetBack Media
	Provider of an online community for sharing pop culture. The company collects music, movies, TV shows, games, and novelties.
	['', 'entertainment community', ' ', 'pop culture marketplace', ' ', 'online media content', '']
Ziff Davis Enterprise
	Provider of online content, lead generation services, events and publications serving the technology industry. The business unit creates innovative media that targets technology markets with online, events, custom content, eNewsletters, print, virtual tradeshows and eseminars.
	['', 'online content', ' ', 'custom content', ' ', 'lead generation service', '']
Appscio
	Developer of applications of media mining algorithms to government, enterprise, and Web media management problems. The company provides an open architecture media processing framework with a plug-in architecture for video and audio analytics that enable researchers and customers to develop and deploy applications. It also licenses, commercializes, certifies, tests, documents, benchmarks, and resells media mining algorithms developed for commercial entities, research organizations, and individuals.
	['', 'media mining algorithm', ' ', 'media management', ' ', 'media processing framework', '']
Stitcher
	Provider of media service that allows audio content to be aggregated, organized and shared on mobile devices. The company provides relevant content in business, sports, politics, entertainment and current events from media industry\'s content providers. It also offers a platform for listening to audio content on-the-go. In addition, the company provides operational setup and maintenance management, custom production or editing services.
	['', 'media service', ' ', 'maintenance management', ' ', 'custom production', ' ', 'editing service', '']
LoadnVote
	Provider of visual media competition on the internet. The company invites visitors of all ages and interests to compete in head-to-head contests by uploading videos, pictures and other media to gain exposure and win prizes.
	['', 'social content', ' ', 'visual media', ' ', 'media competition', ' ', 'voting site', '']
Gaiam
	Provider of a lifestyle media company and offers a  selection of information, media, products and services to customers. The company caters goods for home, clothing, wellness, yoga, fitness and videos.
	['lifestyle ', 'direct response television', ' ecommerce catalog']
Brio Software
	Provider of media and market intelligence solutions. The company provides media planning and management, agency and client benchmarking, audience impact research, competitive and best practices advisory, and influencer program development services. The company also offers media segmentation, ranking, optimization, and outlet and journalist performance; market sentiments evaluation; and trends, issues, and threats monitoring services.
	['', 'media segmentation', ' ', 'media planning', ' ', 'market intelligence', ' ', 'client benchmarking', ' consultancy']
Incanta
	Developer of broadband media software applications. The company develops technology and the network to deliver high bandwidth multi-media content to ADSL and cable modem subscribers.
	['', 'broadband media', ' ', 'cable modem', ' bandwidth']
Apture
	Developer of communication platform. The company provides platform for bloggers and publishers to integrate media into their articles and syndicate their content across the web.
	['', 'media content blogging', ' ', 'media search engine', ' ', 'media browser', '']
Revere Digital
	Provider of online media services. The company offers news, reviews, events and analysis from journalists in technology and media.
	['', 'media service', ' ', 'technology news', ' ', 'media content', '']
