Netviewer
	Vendor of desktop sharing service, web conferencing. The company is known for providing software which gives Internet users a live view of a partner\'s screen so that text, spread sheets, graphics and other documents can be jointly discussed and edited.
	['', 'desktop sharing', ' ', 'web conferencing', ' ', 'online meeting', ' ', 'web collaboration', '']
Soruka
	Operator of a web portal which provides web site monitoring and tracking services. The company offers a variety of information categories that users can keep tabs on and share like-interests with groups of users via Twitter, sms and email.
	['', 'content management', ' ', 'web sharing', ' ', 'tracking services', '']
Dimdim
	Developer of web conferencing solutions. The company also provides content sharing and management; web page and desktop sharing; documents and slides sharing; web collaboration; broadcasting; and chatting services. The company’s products include Dimdim Pro and Dimdim Enterprise.
	['', 'web conferencing', ' ', 'content sharing', ' ', 'content management', '']
Imidio
	Developer of internet communication software for audio and Web conferencing. The company offers products such as Instant Collaborators that enables teleconferencing, Web conferencing, instant messaging, data sharing, and application sharing.
	['', 'communication software', ' ', 'web conferencing', ' ', 'instant messaging', ' ', 'data sharing', ' ', 'application sharing', '']
Ibrii
	Provider of technology enabling online note-sharing between users. The company\'s software enables clients to clip an object from any Web page, as well as mixing videos, text or photos from different pages into a single digital note that can be shared with other users leveraged from social-networking platforms. The primary sharing platforms are Facebook,Twitter and Google Buzz.
	['', 'notes sharing', ' ', 'content sharing', ' ', 'online content', ' permalink ', 'online notes', '']
Sonexis
	Provider of an in house audio conferencing bridge with integrated Web conferencing, which enables businesses to run audio conferencing in-house.
	['', 'audio conferencing', ' ', 'integrated Web conferencing', ' ', 'in house conferencing', '']
Hipbone
	Provider of real-time web interaction services for online sales and support. The company\'s products enable support center personnel to simultaneously view the same image of a Web page with prospects and customers while communicating with them using VoIP.
	['', 'web interaction service', ' ', 'web page sharing', ' ', 'online purchasing', '']
Socialinfinity
	Developer of web and mobile page builder for small business owners. The company develops software to launch brands through blogging, e-commerce, Facebook page integration and other features.
	['']
