Mozy
	Provider of online backup system for Windows and Mac users. The company provides service to up data continuously, manually or schedule updates.
	['', 'online backup', ' ', 'manual backup', ' ', 'backup storage space', ' ', 'remote backup', '']
Parascale
	Developer of cloud software for servers. The company also provides video-on-demand, document archive, online backup and video surveillance solutions.
	['', 'cloud software', ' ', 'server software', ' ', 'online backup', ' ', 'video surveillance', '']
BackupAgent
	Developer of online backup recovery software. The company\'s software enables its clients to offer a backup service to their customers, as well as enables its clients to make backups over the internet in their backup servers.
	['', 'backup recovery', ' ', 'backup service', ' ', 'online backup', '']
ReTel Technologies
	Provider of video surveillance analysis for stores and restaurants. The company uses security camera feeds to deliver metrics and data such as table cleanliness, service times and employee activities.
	['', 'video auditing', ' ', 'raw surveillance video', ' ', 'interactive report', '']
Flimmer
	Developer of a platform for viewers to watch movie trailers. The company\'s platform allows viewers to watch the latest trailer from Cinema, DVD & Blu-Ray and Video On Demand and reward them for their attention with movie tickets or DVD/Video on Demand Coupons.
	['', 'watch film trailer', ' ', 'photography platform', ' ', 'video on-demand', '']
NextIO
	Developer of chips for computer servers. The company offers protocol agnostic solution, which supports server I/O technologies, including Ethernet, fiber channel, InfiniBand, iSCSI and SAS.
	['', 'computer chip', ' ', 'computer server', ' ', 'agnostic solution', ' ', 'protocol agnostic', ' ', 'I/O technology', '']
Intransa
	Provider of appliance platform products. The company offers appliances and products for video surveillance, industrial video, access control, video analytics and other physical security needs.
	['', 'video surveillance', '']
GeoMetrix
	Provider of biometric identity management solutions. The company provides solutions to access control for corporate facilities. The company also offers biometric cameras that acquires facial biometrics in 3D formats which is widely designed for commercial, defense, Government, gaming and video surveillance.
	['', 'biometric cameras', ' ', 'employee tracking', ' ', 'identification management', ' ', 'video surveillance', '']
Prescreen
	Provider of social discovery video-on-demand platform designed to promote and showcase premium content. The company provides a daily movie service that presents films to a community of movie lovers.
	['', 'video-on-demand', ' ', 'premium content', ' ', 'premium movie', ' ', 'daily movie service', '']
