Bongomagic
	Provider of a platform for social-network marketing services. The company provides a platform that enables users to participate in a social-community marketplace, where they can buy products, apply for vacancies or make recommendations. The platform allows users to join or create their own online communities, where they can collaborate with other community members in make online recommendations, and in so doing, help charitable causes or earn financial rewards.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'social-community', ' ', 'social-network marketing', '']
eegoes
	Provider of a social networking site. The company provides a user-friendly platform for social interaction.
	['', 'user-friendly platform', ' ', 'social interaction', ' interaction']
Zealous Interactive
	Owner and operator of a social network and web portal. The company specializes in online media distribution, social networking, content management and features its print and online publications and over 700 URLs and websites. Its flagship enterprise is TheAdultSpot.com and TheAdultSpot 3D.
	['', 'online media distribution', ' ', 'content management', ' ', 'social network', ' ', 'online publication', '']
Appetas
	Provider of an online platform which helps restaurant owners to build their website. The company provides an online platform which helps restaurant owners to build their customized desktop and mobile website, which can be edited and updated by the owners themselves.
	['', 'website builder', ' ', 'customized website', ' ', 'restaurant website', '']
Toostep Consultancy
	Developer of an online platform that enables recruiters to promote jobs on social networking sites and search engines. The company operates an online portal that allows users to ask experts questions, debate with each other and gives recruiters the ability to post jobs through search engines and social media.
	['', 'job search', ' ', 'recruitment portal', ' recruiters']
RapidMoney
	Provider of online financial services. The company provides an online platform for multiple transfer services, including money, bank wire, international and Western Union. The company also is a provider of consumer-loan services.
	['', 'consumer finance', ' ', 'money transfer', ' lending']
ubalo
	Provider on an online platform for numerical computing. The company provides interactive demos with the power of a full computer running in the user\'s browser.
	['', 'online platform', ' ', 'numerical computing', ' ', 'interactive demo', '']
Weardrobe
	Operator of a style focused social network that connects people. The company provides an online wardrobe where one can post pictures of their coordinated outfits, tag clothing in photos, catalogue outfits and share with friends.
	['', 'virtual closet', ' wadrobe ', 'online wadrobe', ' ', 'fashion site', ' clothes']
Cleantech Group
	Provider of an online platform for corporates to connect with potential customers, strategic partners and investors. The company offers i3 an online platform which enables corporates to build and manage their pipeline, market their technology interests to start-ups globally, and gain insight into various sectors. It also offers advisory services related to expertise designing of products and services to the Cleantech companies.
	['']
HealthRally
	Provider of online platform that uses social motivation and positive financial incentives to inspire people to achieve their health and wellness goals.
	['', 'online platform', ' ', 'social motivation', ' ', 'social support', '']
Guia de Apartamentos Niumba
	Provider of an online directory of holiday apartments and houses for rent in Spain. The company\'s online platform allows proprietors to advertise their apartments or rural houses for the travelers to rent them.
	['', 'online directory', ' ', 'holiday apartment', ' ', 'vacation rental website', '']
SocialThing
	Provider of social networking, rock band, and cupcakes services. The company solutions allow new ways to interact with persons online.
	['', 'rock band', ' ', 'online application', ' ', 'social design', '']
Vlaze Media Networks
	Provider of internet community and online advertising services. The company provides online media broadcasting. It also provides online content management, social networking and scheduling services.
	['', 'internet community', ' ', 'online advertising', ' ', 'online media broadcasting', ' ', 'online media broadcasting', '']
ShareBloc
	Provider of an online enterprise vendor comparison platform. The company provides enterprise consumers with an online platform to rate, review, ask and answer questions about their vendors. It also works closely with the vendor community to reach their customers.
	['', 'vendor comparison platform', ' ', 'vendor rating', ' ', 'online portal', '']
OneSchool
	Provider of a mobile platform that acts as an online guide to U.S. college campuses. The company provides a free mobile app for college students, designed to aggregate information about their campus, courses, directories and related news stories. The application also contains tools for social networking.
	['', 'digital mapping', ' ', 'mapping technology', ' ', 'mobile apps', '']
Engagor
	Provider of an online platform for real-time customer engagement, social media monitoring and analytics. The company provides an online tool for medium-sized and large companies to monitor everything said about their brand and their industry in general.
	['', 'social media monitoring', ' ', 'online reporting', ' ', 'customer engagement', ' ', 'media montoring', ' ', 'social media dashboard', '']
Beeminder
	Provider of an online goal-setting tool. The company provides a free platform for users to set personal goals and to track their progress to attain them. The consequence of not staying on track is the user now has to commit to a small payment for the service.
	['', 'goal setting', ' ', 'personal health', ' ', 'goal tracking', '']
LearnSprout
	Provider of an online platform for educational data and application management. The company provides an integration platform to developers developing applications for educational institution.
	['', 'data analysis', ' ', 'student information', ' ', 'data security', '']
Threadsy
	Provider of an online integrated communication platform. The company provides an online integrated communication platform where users can combine their email and social network messages into a single inbox.
	['', 'integrated communication platform', ' ', 'online communication platform', ' ', 'social network', '']
Smarterer
	Provider of online services to rate and certify individuals on their proficiency of skill sets. The company offers skill assessments online platform for companies to assess employee skills.
	['', 'online service', ' ', 'individual certification', ' ', 'individual rating', ' ', 'individual proficiency', ' ', 'skill assessment', '']
Netlog
	Provider of an online platform for social networking. The company provides an online platform where users keep in touch with and extend their social network.
	['', 'social networking', ' ', 'networking platform', ' ', 'social platform', '']
Fridge
	Provider of an online platform for group social networking. The company provides an online platform which allows users to share their private photos and status updates with their closest friends in relative safety.
	['', 'private social networking', ' ', 'social network', ' ', 'group social networking', '']
New Media Plus
	Provider of an online platform for conducting online marketing campaigns. The company\'s online platform MaTVpratique offers free access to entertaining and educational programs online. Videos can be viewed and downloaded on a PC, a multimedia player, a mobile phone or an iPhone.
	['', 'online marketing', ' ', 'educational videos', ' PC iphone']
YongoPal
	Provider of an online platform for training English language. The company develops application that enables text based interactions between different people around the world and enhances cultural experience.
	['', 'english training', ' ', 'cultural exchanges', ' ', 'mobile app', '']
RapidEngines
	Provider of online platform for application analytics and baseline anomaly detection. The company enables to tag users application data to monitor and baseline the metrics, as well as provides customers with tools to create or configure plugins and creates analytic dashboards.
	['', 'online platform', ' ', 'baseline anomaly detection', ' ', 'configure plugin', ' ', 'analytic dashboard', '']
Nexopia.com
	Developer of a social networking site. The company provides an online place for teens to connect and express themselves.
	['', 'networking site', ' ', 'online networking', ' ', 'social connection', '']
Tunessence
	Provider of an online platform to teach musical instruments. The company\'s software uses audio processing software with instructional videos and gives note-by-note feedback to users.
	['', 'IT service', ' ', 'internet platform', ' ', 'online music training', '']
LoanTek
	Provider of a pricing engine platform for mortgage companies. The company provides an online platform which connects mortgage consumers with loan officers.
	['', 'bank rate', ' auto-quoting ', 'email campaigns', ' ', 'marketing tools', '']
