Discovery Engine
	Developer of an internet search engine. The company offers an interaction model of search engine that also can also compile information from multiple sources.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'internet search engine', ' SEO']
KAYAK Software
	Provider of a travel search engine. The company allows users to book flights, hotels, vacations, cars and deals directly, as well as through online agencies. It searches and displays information from various travel sites, which include prices and itineraries from airlines, hotels, rental car companies and cruise lines.
	['', 'travel search engine', ' ', 'online travel agency', ' ', 'pay per click advertising', ' ', 'travel site', ' ', 'travel website', ' ', 'online travel', ' ', 'travel deals', ' ', 'travel agency', '']
Cue
	Provider of search engine that runs through the cloud data. The company\'s search engine turns the accounts an individual depends on, like email, contacts and calendar, into a snapshot of the day. It also enhances existing calendar by automatically connecting events to related phone numbers, people and addresses.
	['', 'cloud data', ' ', 'search engine', ' ', 'connecting event', '']
Searchdaimon
	Provider of an open-enterprise search engine for corporate data and websites. The company provides a plug-and-play technology to search for knowledge and information from the Internet, documents, e-mails, attachments, customer-relationship systems and other content sources.
	['', 'enterprise search', ' ', 'corporate search', ' SME']
MobileDevHQ
	Provider of a search engine and discovery platform for mobile applications and developers. The company offers a directory of mobile application developers, including their current portfolio of published applications and the category(ies) of projects they specialize in.
	['', 'discovery platform', ' ', 'application store optimization', ' ', 'competitive intelligence', '']
Goshme Solucoes Para a Internet
	Developer and provider of search engine. The company assists users by providing a list of all search engines and databases appropriate to the query, ranked by relevance, divided by categories and sub-categories, and with a brief description about each search engine.
	['', 'search engine', ' databases ', 'Web Search', '']
SphereUp
	Provider of a platform for contact sharing. The company provides an online platform for contact search engine for websites and organizations on the cloud.
	['', 'contact sharing', ' ', 'contact search', ' ', 'social service', '']
Peryskop.pl
	Provider of an online search engine. The company provides semantic search engine for products and product\'s reviews in Polish and English.
	['', 'online search', ' ', 'online product search', ' ', 'semantic search engine', '']
HyWire
	Provider of search engine services for forwarding, classification, billing and security applications. The company develops IP-core & hardware solutions for improving networking equipment performance.
	['', 'routing equipment', ' ', 'search engine service', ' ', 'security application', '']
Milewise
	Provider of a search engine for frequent fliers. The company\'s search engine is designed for fliers that helps to pay for using cash, airline miles and credit card points. It tracks all rewards in one place.
	['', 'traveling reward program', ' ', 'frequent fliers', ' ', 'traveling reward', '']
Zoomf
	Provider of a residential property sales and letting search engine. The company also offers consumers local market intelligence and information on local amenities in their area of choice, via map and listings.
	['', 'residential property', ' ', 'market intelligence', ' ', 'search engine', '']
411
	Provider of an online search engine in Canada. The company provides search platform for user to locate whatever contact he whats to get in Canada.
	['', 'online search engine', ' ', 'search platform', ' ', 'database platform', '']
Dwellable
	Operator of mobile based vacation rental search engine. The company provides a mobile application for users to find rental accommodation for their vacation trips.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'rental place', ' accommodation']
Delver
	Developer of a social search engine to help users to find content, media and people within their network.
	['', 'social search engine', ' ', 'social network search', ' ', 'people search', '']
