fiveby tv
	Provider of online videos based on user preference. The company scours the internet for the best videos, and hand-delivers the ones people want to watch.
	['', 'online video search', ' ', 'free video', ' movie']
Mutewatch
	Designer and manufacturer of touchscreen wrist watches. The company is the developer of a watch with a hidden touchscreen that actives with a tap of the finger of a flip of the wrist. Its watches functions include clock, alarm and timer, with a vibrating alert.
	['watch ', 'wrist watch', ' alarm ', 'touchscreen watch', '']
CastTV
	Operator of a website that helps people to watch videos through the Web. The company\'s website lets users find all their favorite online videos, from TV shows to movies to the latest celebrity, sports, news, and viral videos.
	['', 'online video', ' ', 'original video', ' ', 'watch video', ' ', 'video website', ' ', 'video clip', ' ', 'social video sharing', ' ', 'community video', ' ', 'video blog', ' ', 'video entertainment', '']
Clipbook
	Seller of video clips which can be used without licensing restrictions. The company sells video clips in high definition, with a wide range of topics in order to meet customer needs at a price lower than current production costs, with a single price for format and royalty-free license.
	['', 'Visual content', ' ', 'video clip', ' ', 'high definition video', '']
Moki.TV
	Operator of an online video directory. The company provides an e-commerce platform for the television and film industries.
	['', 'TV guide', ' movies ', 'video directory', '']
Viddyou
	Provider of custom-built video service that allows users to archive and express their life in short-form videos.
	['', 'video publishing', ' ', 'video sharing', ' ', 'video hosting solution', ' ', 'videoblogging', '']
Omnisio
	Provider of online videos. The company enables user to annotate videos, combine clips, and synchronize slideshare presentations to videos.
	['', 'video annotation', ' ', 'video sharing', ' ', 'video blogging', '']
Dave Networks
	Provider of integrated video distribution and social community platforms. The company utilizes the latest matrix distribution technology to deliver music, video and other information assets to consumer, corporate and commercial customers.
	['', 'social community platforms', ' ', 'media platform', ' ', 'integrated video', '']
IFILM
	Operator of online streaming media network on the Internet. The company distributes videos online, featuring programs that comprise animations and cartoons, comedy, movie clips, music videos, short films, TV clips, video game trailers, spike shows and action sports as well as a collection of viral videos from Hollywood studios, amateur filmmakers and user-generated content.
	['', 'online streaming', ' ', 'movie information', ' ', 'entertainment media', ' ', 'music videos', '']
ReTel Technologies
	Provider of video surveillance analysis for stores and restaurants. The company uses security camera feeds to deliver metrics and data such as table cleanliness, service times and employee activities.
	['', 'video auditing', ' ', 'raw surveillance video', ' ', 'interactive report', '']
VTEL Products
	Manufacturer of video telecommunications equipment. The company\'s products facilitate staff meetings, training, job interviews, client presentations and legal depositions through videoconferencing.
	['', 'telecommunication equipment', ' ', 'videoconferencing', ' video ', 'video based technologies', '']
PageWise
	Operator of a website that serves how-to videos and articles online. The website is a video portal for how-to information and the largest provider of "made for the internet" video content. Its content was created through the company\'s proprietary process wherein filmmakers select specific how-to topics and produce videos on that subject matter.
	['article, video, ', 'how to video', ' ', 'video portal', '']
ZEFR
	Provider of content rights management to movie studios on YouTube. The company allows its users to search, find, watch, discuss and share movie clips from movies. It also offers a website that offers a collection of movie clips on YouTube.
	['', 'social marketing', ' ', 'rights management', ' ', 'video solution', ' ', 'online video platform', '']
Kewego
	Provider of business solutions for managing, broadcasting and monetizing videos on Internet, Intranet, mobiles and screen networks. The company provides IP-based, multi-screen video asset management solutions for managing, broadcasting and monetizing videos on PCs, mobile phones, iPads, connected TVs, gaming consoles and other Internet-connected devices. It also provides a Web portal solution that consists of a video portal with personalized player that enables its clients to integrate a Web portal to their Websites.
	['', 'video broadcasting', ' ', 'video monetizing', ' ', 'video portal', ' ', 'video asset management', ' ', 'online video', '']
Videostrip
	Provider of an online video advertising network. The company provides an online video platform that allows users to create and publish video sites and banners in the Netherlands.
	['', 'video advertising', ' ', 'video publishing', ' ', 'online video', ' ', 'video platform', '']
Intransa
	Provider of appliance platform products. The company offers appliances and products for video surveillance, industrial video, access control, video analytics and other physical security needs.
	['', 'video surveillance', '']
LiveRail
	Provider of online video advertising services. The company’s suite enables video campaign management, advertisement unit support, campaign reporting, advertisement optimizing, video sample integration and video distribution and monitoring services. It provides advertisement source optimization, syndication reporting and share accounting services.
	['', 'online video advertising', ' ', 'online advertising service', ' ', 'video campaign management', ' ', 'monitoring service', '']
Virtual Labs
	Developer of a conversational video platform. The company allows people to broadcast video structured as conversations, offering the personal form of social interaction on the web. It allows people to get advice from experts, interact with their favorite celebrity or organization and communicate with friends and family.
	['', 'video platform', ' ', 'conversational video', ' ', 'video broadcast', ' ', 'social interaction', ' ', 'online video', ' ', 'online communication', '']
Gotuit Media
	Provider of metadata technology for optimizing the value of video libraries for professional content publishers. The company offers VideoMarker Pro, a metadata authoring application for publishers to package and present their broadband video libraries; and VideoMixer, which allows publishers to give their audience the ability to remix videos and produce new video experiences from manipulating the video metadata.
	['', 'metadata technology', ' ', 'video metadata', ' videomixer videomaker  ', 'video manipulation', ' ', 'video library', ' ', 'video remix', '']
Lance Entertainment
	Distributor of online and offline videos, focusing on crime drama and murder mystery genres. The company acquires, positions, packages and releases on DVD previously produced films and mini-series.
	['', 'online video', ' ', 'offline video', ' ', 'crime drama', ' ', 'murder mystery genre', ' ', 'produced film', '']
Margi Systems
	Provider of multimedia products for mobile systems. The company develops products in the areas of video capture, TV capture, video conferencing, DVD decoding, DVD authoring, personal video headsets and display adapters.
	['', 'multimedia product', ' ', 'video capture', ' ', 'personal video headset', ' ', 'sound peripherals', ' ', 'electronic parts', '']
