Precision Beam
	Provider of laser cutting services. The company provides laser cutting and welding services in United Kingdom.
	['', 'laser cutting', ' ', 'welding service', ' laser']
Tomi-Steel
	Manufacturer of industrial pipes. The company\'s products include pipe racks, prefabricated pipes, pressure vessels, pump modules and also offers cutting, bending pipes and welding service.
	['', 'industrial pipes', ' ', 'prefabricated pipes', ' ', 'welding services', '']
Agility Communications
	Provider of laser solutions for the optical network. The company focuses on offering tunable transponder and tunable laser solutions for carriers and system providers.
	['', 'laser solution', ' ', 'optical network', ' ', 'tunable transponder', ' ', 'tunable laser', '']
PlymoVent
	Supplier of products, systems and services for the extraction and filtration of polluted indoor air. The company provide services that remove welding and cutting fumes, grinding dust and oil mist in the metalworking industry.
	['filtration extraction ', 'pollution filtration', ' ', 'extration services', '']
Konepaja Ceiko
	Provider of contract manufacturing services and steel components. The company also has its own products such as tanks, pressure vessels, and water treatment systems. The company does a number of services including machining, plasma cutting, TIG and MIG/MAG welding, plate cutting, edging and mangling, painting and shot blasting, heat treatment and 3D measurement.
	['', 'steel components', ' ', 'contract manufacturing', ' ', 'machining', ' ', 'plate cutting', ' ', 'manufacturing services', '']
FlowerTech
	Manufacturer of flower cutting instrument. The company also assist flower grower, distributor and retailer with flower cutting technique.
	['', 'flower cutter', ' ', 'cutting instrument', ' ', 'home furnishing', ' ', 'flower cutting technique', '']
Intense
	Provider of single and multimode monolithic laser array products and high power laser diodes. The company  provides foundry services, including front-end wafer processing, back-end assembly line, engineering support and product development support services and laser diode, optics, electronics and package design services.
	['', 'laser diodes', ' ', 'electrical equipments', ' ', 'laser equipments', '']
20/10 Perfect Vision
	Developer of femtosecond and excimer laser technologies for refractive and cataract surgeons. The company’s products include excimer workstations for laser surgery, femtosecond workstations, diagnostic workstations and ZYOPTIX XP, a microkeratome system that allows surgeons to perform stromal and epithelial flaps.
	['', 'laser surgery', ' ', 'diagnostic workstations', ' ', 'microkeratome system', ' ', 'epithelial flaps', ' cataract']
CUARZOS GRANULADOS
	Provider of stone shaping, finishing and transportation. The company specializes in the cutting of stone for both urban and commercial uses such as counter tops and displays.
	['', 'stone cutting', ' ', 'stone shaping', ' ', 'material transportation', ' ', 'mining', ' ', 'quarry', '']
