Agouron Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of therapeutic products to treat cancer and AIDS. The company engages in the discovery, development and commercialization of drugs for treatment of cancer, viral diseases and diseases of the eye.
	['biomedical pharmacology immunogenetics']
Karyopharm Therapeutics
	Developer of drugs for the treatment of cancer, inflammation and diseases related to cell proliferation. The company focuses on discovery and development of novel first-in-class drugs directed against nuclear transport targets for the treatment of cancer and other major diseases.
	['', 'cancer treatment', ' ', 'inflammation drug', ' ', 'cell proliferation', '']
Quanticel Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of medicines for the treatment of cancer and other life-threatening diseases. The company provides a platform for single-cell genomic analysis of human cancer.
	['', 'therapeutic treatment', ' ', 'medicine development', ' ', 'disease treatment', '']
Niiki Pharma
	Provider of cancer treatments directed at novel cellular targets and related companion diagnostics. The company specializes in oncology.
	['cancer oncology ', 'novel cellular target', '']
Promic
	Developer of antibacterial drugs. The company focuses on discovery of drugs needed to treat hospital-acquired and community-associated infections.
	['antibiotic infection antibacterial cheminformatics']
Matrix Therapeutics
	Developer of drugs for the treatment of cancer and inflammatory diseases. The company\'s product TO2 is a natural non-opioid compound combining anesthetic and analgesic activity, but without causing respiratory depression or lowering blood pressure. The company is a spin out from The University of Manchester.
	['', 'inflammatory diseases', ' ', 'cancer drugs', ' ', 'non-opioid compound', ' ', 'drug research', '']
Paradigm Therapeutics
	Developer of drugs combining model genetics and bioinformatics. The company provides target identification and validation services based on gene knock out technology and in vivo pharmacology. The company has developed a drug discovery pipeline comprising targets and late stage pre-clinical projects in pain, CNS disorders, hormone dependent diseases such as prostate and breast cancer and metabolic diseases such as diabetes, hyperlipidemias, obesity and osteoporosis.
	['', 'hormone dependent diseases', ' bioinformatics ', 'model genetics', ' ', 'validation services', '']
Arbutus Biopharma
	Provider of ribonucleic acid (RNA) interference therapeutics and lipid nanoparticle delivery technology to pharmaceutical partners. The company focuses on the development of internal product candidates that include apolipoprotein B (ApoB) SNALP for the treatment of high cholesterol and polo-like kinase 1 (PLK1) SNALP for the treatment of cancer.
	['', 'RNA interference therapeutics', ' ', 'lipid drug delivery', ' ', 'high cholesterol treatment', ' ', 'therapeutic device', '']
Jennerex Biotherapeutics
	Developer of oncolytic products for cancer. The company\'s products include JX-594, an engineered oncolytic virus that selectively targets and destroys cancer cells, JX-929 that targets the epidermal growth factor receptor and ras signal transduction pathways and JX-963, which is engineered from a strain of vaccinia virus.
	['', 'cancer treatment', ' ', 'oncolytic product development', ' ', 'vaccinia virus', ' ', 'epidermal growth', '']
IOmet Pharma
	Developer of drugs in the preclinical area of the drug discovery process. The company focuses on the development of innovative medicines for the treatment of cancer, with particular emphasis on the fields of cancer immunotherapy and cancer metabolism.
	['', 'drug discovery', ' ', 'nervous system disorder', ' ', 'oncology therapeutic', '']
Conforma Therapeutics
	Developer of drugs for the treatment of cancer. The company develops drugs that induce tumor cells to degrade the proteins that promote cancer growth. It offers the HSP90 product, CNF1010 which is used for the treatment of cancer.
	['', 'cancer treatment', ' ', 'tumor cell', ' ', 'cancer growth', '']
Scancell
	Developer of biopharmaceutical products. The company engages in the discovery and development of novel monoclonal antibodies and vaccines for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases based on its ImmunoBody and Moditope platforms.
	['', 'biopharmaceutical product', ' ', 'monoclonal antibodies', ' ', 'infectious diseases', '']
Nereus Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of therapeutic drugs for the treatment of cancer. The company is engaged in discovery and development of therapeutic medicines and drugs which are used in the treatment of tumors, cancer, colon, prostate and other inflammatory diseases.
	['', 'marine microbiology technology', '  therapeutic ', 'development of therapeutic', ' ', 'treatment of oncology', '']
Bellerophon Therapeutics
	Provider of clinical biotherapeutics services. The company is focused on developing products for critical care combining novel drugs and devices in the treatment of cardiopulmonary and cardiac diseases.
	['', 'critical care product', ' ', 'clinical biotherapeutic', ' ', 'cardiopulmonary disease', ' ', 'investigational device', ' ', 'drug-device therapy', ' ', 'pulmonary arterial hypertension', '']
Ipsen Bioinnovation
	Provider of  biologics platform generating a pipeline of Targeted Secretion Inhibitors (TSIs) to treat diseases where secretion is the major driver, including pain, endocrine conditions and cancer. The company genetically engineers bacterial toxins to develop novel drugs that inhibit abnormal cell secretion, a key component of many diseases. The company is focused on the treatment of neurological, inflammatory and endocrine diseases.
	['', 'genetical engineering', ' ', 'abnormal cell secretion', ' ', 'Developer of drug', '']
Xcellsyz
	Developer of drugs for the treatment of diabetes and obesity. The company is using human cell-based systems biology to discover new drugs to treat metabolic diseases such as diabetes and obesity.
	['', 'obesity treatment', ' ', 'cell-based systems biology', ' ', 'metabolic diseases', '']
Ionis Pharmaceuticals
	Provider of antisense drug discovery and development exploiting a novel drug discovery platform it created to generate a pipeline of first-in-class drugs. The company\'s provides a direct route from genomics to drugs. The company discovers and conducts early development of new drugs and, at the key clinical value inflection points, outlicense the drugs to its partners.
	['', 'antisense drug', ' ', 'drug delivery', '']
Cell Genesys
	Developer of novel biological therapeutic products for patients with cancer.The company pursues three cancer product platforms -- GVAX(R) cancer vaccines, oncolytic virus therapies and in vivo cancer gene therapies. The company provides clinical trials of GVAX(R) vaccines are under way in prostate cancer, lung cancer, pancreatic cancer, leukemia and myeloma.
	['', 'therapeutic products', ' ', 'cancer treatment', '']
