Rolsen Electronics
	Manufacturer of household electronics in Russia. The company provides a range of consumer products, including television sets, DVD players, DVD recorders, plasma panels and LCD TV sets, home video systems, air conditioners and washing machines.
	['', 'electronic appliances', ' ', 'production cycle', ' ', 'consumer product', '']
Parade Technologies
	Provider of digital integrated display and display interface solutions, and processing products. The company\'s products can be applied to a broad array of applications in personal computer and consumer electronics devices such as digital TV, DVD, and set-top box.
	['semiconductor ', 'set top box', ' display ', 'monitor panel', ' ', 'display port', '']
VitalStream
	Provider of products and services that enable the digital broadcast of audio and video content and other communications via the Internet. The company\'s mix of services and technology enable businesses to leverage the global reach of the Internet to distribute their media content to targeted audiences worldwide.
	['', 'audio streaming', ' ', 'video streaming', ' ', 'media hosting', ' ', 'consulting services', '']
Universal Electronics
	Designer and developer of solutions that enable consumers to control entertainment devices, digital media, and home systems. The company sells and licenses wireless control products through distributors and retailers under the "One For All" brand name. The company\'s offerings include Universal Code Library, Macro Keys, Upgrade ability, IR Blaster, Extensible Multimedia Protocol and RF Technology.
	['', 'entertainment device', ' ', 'Universal Code Library', ' ', 'electronic services', ' ', 'consumer durables', '']
AudioFeast
	Provider of MP3 players with a web-based broadcast network of digital audio programming. The company provides software that allows users to browse through different channels.
	['', 'radio channels', ' ', 'audio content', ' ', 'MP3 players', ' ', 'digital audio programming', ' audio ', 'broadcast network', '']
CE Interactive
	Provider of digital products and services to consumer electronics retailers, manufacturers, service providers, and consumers. The company\'s solutions include Wirewize Web application, a virtual installer and home entertainment management system that helps to set up, operate, manage, maintain, and enhance home entertainment technology.
	['', 'digital product', ' ', 'wirewize web', '']
UpdateLogic
	Provider of a device management system for consumer electronics manufacturers to control and maintain internet connected digital home products. The company offers a software update service, which allows television manufacturers and cable operators to deliver software patches to consumer’s digital television receiver devices.
	['', 'device management', ' ', 'consumer electronic manufacturer', ' ', 'electronic device', ' ', 'cable transmission', ' ', 'storage device', '']
Phorus
	Developer of digital audio systems which connected wirelessly with automobiles.
	['', 'audio system', ' ', 'digital audio', ' ', 'wireless technology', '']
Sonic Blue
	Provider of  products for the Internet, digital media, entertainment, and consumer electronics markets. The company\'s technology portfolio included Rio digital audio players, ReplayTV personal television technology and software solutions, Go-Video integrated DVD, VCRs and Dual-Deck VCRs, and digital home theater systems.
	['', 'Consumer Electronics', ' ', 'digital audio player', ' ', 'home theater system', ' ', 'electronics equipment', '']
HIGH-DEF Technology
	Provider of integrated entertainment services for building and home automation. The company\'s products enables users to control all entertainment electronics and home automations easily with a single system.
	['', 'integrated entertainment', ' ', 'home automation', ' ', 'multiroom audio', '']
GridNetworks
	Provider of managed Internet television service. The company provides GridCasting service that enables media and entertainment companies, television networks, movie distributors, Web portals and content companies to provide downloads on the Internet.
	['', 'Internet television', ' ', 'Grid Casting', ' ', 'television network', ' ', 'content company', '']
ClaroVision
	Provider of living room entertainment and infotainment technologies. The company offers a software platform for consumer electronics, and other service and network operators and serves the television, multimedia and hospitality industries.
	['', 'entertainment technologies', ' infotainment ', 'consumer electronics', '']
VizionWare
	Developer of digital inter connect cables and adapters. The company offers high definition multimedia interface (HDMI) digital interconnects, fiber optic HDMI interconnects, digital visual interface (DVI) digital interconnects, HDMI-to-DVI digital interconnects, switcher and digital audio synchronizers, integrator-friendly accessory products, HDMI and DVI swivel adapters, HDMI connector locking mounts, and heavy duty cable pull through socks. It serves home theater, commercial, original equipment manufacturer and consumer markets.
	['', 'inter connect cable', ' adapter ', 'high definition multimedia interface', '']
Margi Systems
	Provider of multimedia products for mobile systems. The company develops products in the areas of video capture, TV capture, video conferencing, DVD decoding, DVD authoring, personal video headsets and display adapters.
	['', 'multimedia product', ' ', 'video capture', ' ', 'personal video headset', ' ', 'sound peripherals', ' ', 'electronic parts', '']
SpinetiX
	Designer of digital signage products. The company manufactures digital signage products and offers media players with built-in software technologies that turns any digital display into an autonomous and networked device.
	['', 'digital signage', ' ', 'media player', ' ', 'digital display', '']
