Avtre
	Developer and supplier of back-up software for data and related services. The company offers customized data backup to individuals and small and medium-sized businesses. The company\'s product, Lockbee,, is a software that monitors and automatically creates backup data on new and changing directories and files.
	['', 'online backup', ' directories broadband ', 'back-up software', '']
Interland
	Provider of web hosting services to small and medium sized businesses. The company provides web hosting, application hosting and other web-based business solutions.
	['', 'web hosting', ' ', 'application hosting', ' ', 'electronic commerce', '']
ENSIS Management
	Investor in small and medium sized companies. The company invests in life sciences and technology sectors.
	['technology', 'life sciences', '']
STP Depannage
	Provider of repairing services for small and medium sized companies and households. The company offers various services including maintenance, tiling, plumbing, electricity.
	['tiling plumbing ', 'repairing services', '']
Octopz
	Provider of online collaboration services to professionals in both Small/Medium Business and Enterprise markets. The company provides its services through on-demand  software platform.
	['', 'on demand  software', ' ', 'online collaboration', ' ', 'professional collaboration service', '']
Dresdner Factoring
	Provider of financing services for small and medium enterprises. The company provides capital to smaller enterprises with low cash reserves, providing sales-congruent backing against their receivables.
	['', 'financial service', ' ', 'small business factoring', ' ', 'factoring service', '']
Gearworks
	Provider of carrier-class mobile management software solutions for location-based mobile business applications. The company also provides phone programming and provisioning, training, customization, and integration services. Gearworks serves small to medium sized business and enterprise customers across construction, healthcare, field service, home and store delivery, utilities, and government services industries.
	['']
ProStores
	Provider of e-business software for small and medium-sized businesses. The company also sets up, designs, markets and manages customizable virtual storefronts at their Internet domains.
	['', 'online shopping', ' ', 'online trade', ' ', 'e-business software', '']
BetterWorks (out of business)
	Provider of a platform designed to enable small and medium-sized businesses to engage, retain and reward employees.
	['', 'employee reward', ' ', 'employee engagement', ' ', 'employee retention', '']
Active Hotels
	Operator of an online hotel reservation company. The company operates an online hotel reservation website that links 2,000 smaller and medium-sized hotels in the UK. It creates mutually beneficial partnerships between hoteliers and distribution partners thereby lowering the hotel rates.
	['', 'hotel booking', ' ', 'online booking', ' ', 'travel and tourism', '']
CFN Precision
	Developer of small to medium-sized precision metal, plastic and composite parts. The company develops metal, plastic and composite parts to the Aerospace, Military, Medical, Electronic and Industrial manufacturing sectors.
	['', 'precision machined component', ' ', 'precision metal part', ' ', 'plastic component', ' ', 'composite part', '']
Inboxer
	Provider of email archiving, electronic discovery and content monitoring systems. The company serves state and local governments, health care institutions and small and medium sized businesses.
	['', 'email archiving', ' ', 'content monitoring system', ' ', 'electronic discovery', ' ', 'email analysis', '']
WebPartner
	Provider of web based services to online stores. The company\'s software enables business managers to monitor and benchmark the performance of their online stores. It also sells its application services to small to mid-sized businesses.
	['']
Verus Financial Management
	Provider of payment processing services to small and medium sized businesses. The company is a merchant services business specializing in credit card and cheque processing for small and medium-sized businesses (”SMEs”).
	['', 'merchant services', ' ', 'credit card processing', ' payroll ', 'payment processing services', '']
LogneX
	Provider of an online inventory management system. The company\'s software, MoySklad offers a new browser-based inventory management service for small and medium sized businesses that provides freedom of location and cost alternative to uphold daily communication, documentation and accounting.
	['', 'inventory management', ' warehouse documentation']
Lettuce
	Developer of order management system for small and medium sized businesses. The company develops management system with a mobile sales application enabling user\'s business to capture, track and process orders anywhere in real time.
	['', 'order management system', ' ', 'mobile sales application', ' ', 'order capturing', ' ', 'order tracking', ' ', 'order processing', ' ', 'inventory management', ' ', 'order processing', '']
