Satori Labs
	Provider of digital pen-and-paper solutions for healthcare forms automation. The company fuses digital pen and paper, PDA, and wireless technologies with Satori Labs\' high performance forms automation software to create the next generation of connected information management products for the mobile professional.
	['', 'healthcare software', ' ', 'digital services', ' ', 'digital data', ' ', 'automation software', '']
Reduce Destruccion Confidencial
	Provider of paper shredding services. The company primarily offers confidential document destruction service for both digital and paper data.
	['', 'document destruction', ' ', 'data delete', ' ', 'data demagnetise', '']
vVault
	Provider of mobile productivity applications and software infrastructure. The company\'s technology platform provides mobile professionals with access to email attachments, native files and paper documents from virtually any wireless device or wired PC.
	['', 'mobile productivity application', ' ', 'software infrastructure', ' ', 'email attachments', '']
NextPage
	Provider of technological services to businesses to track and manage documents. The company provides services for tracking documents across e-mail, hard drives and servers.
	['', 'information retrieval', ' ', 'data gathering', ' ', 'data management', '']
XMS Penvision
	Provider of a digital pen and paper platform. The company develops technology that allows users to write with ink based digital pens on ordinary paper and transfer the documents and strokes from the pen via some kind of digital device such as mobile phones, PDA\'s or PC\'s.
	['', 'digital pen', ' ', 'digital paper', ' ', 'automation software', ' ', 'digital platform', ' ', 'digital writhing', '']
Watermark Software
	Provider of image storage and processing software. The company integrates scanned paper documents and faxes with applications such as e-mail, databases, spreadsheets,and accounting software.
	['', 'multimedia software', '']
Bry Technologia
	Provider of digital certification hardware and software services. The company provides services to ensure safety in the use of electronic document.
	['', 'digital certification', ' ', 'software services', ' ', 'electronic services', ' hardware']
Kirtas Technologies
	Provider of digital scanning services. The company has developed a digital imaging technology that automates the scanning of bound documents. The company also provides BookScan editor software for individual and batch processing of page capture and indexing.
	['', 'digital scanning', ' ', 'imaging technology', ' ', 'bound documents', ' ', 'BookScan editor', ' indexing ', 'batch processing', '']
AirZip
	Provider of security software for preventing unauthorized access to confidential documents. The company provides FileSECURE to secure Microsoft Office documents, PDFs, all major CAD formats, images, media and other files as well as the output of ANY application that can print.
	['', 'file security', ' ', 'security software', ' ', 'access authorization', ' ', 'file access management', ' ', 'user authentication', ' ', 'file access tracking', ' ', 'group management', '']
Tab Products
	Provider of document-management services and products for businesses. The company provides software as well as physical office storage systems to enable businesses to manage their digital and paper documents. The company also provides services for converting paper documents to digital format, as well as document purging and outsourcing file-room management.
	['', 'information management', ' ', 'record management system', ' ', 'labeling software', ' ', 'mobile shelving', '']
Cimail Solutions
	Provider of document archiving services. the company specializes in publishing and integration of software in information management from capture to archiving probative value.
	['', 'document archiving', ' ', 'information management', ' ', 'probative value', '']
iWitness
	Provider of Digital Business Records Management software. The company offers a secure electronic system to capture, authenticate, manage and preserve electronic business records, including email and e-commerce transactions. It also allows users to keep a digital paper trail, intended to replace actual paper trails.
	['', 'electronic system', ' ', 'electronic business record', ' ', 'digital paper trail', '']
Architel
	Provider of archiving for paper and digital documents. The company offers data base filing and paper document management services.
	['archiving ', 'digital documents', ' filing']
Image Integration SystIems
	Developer of cost-effective document management services. The company focuses on development, enhancement, maintenance, implementation and support of its docusphere services for accounts payable automation.
	['', 'information technology', ' ', 'automation service', ' ', 'financial service', '']
