Roomtag
	Developer of a space management software. The company provides a web-based space management software that enables facility and office managers to track people, space and assets.
	['', 'space management', ' ', 'office software', ' ', 'facility management', '']
Tonic Software
	Innovator of web application management software for companies that rely on the Internet to conduct business. The company’s software performs root cause analysis. Its software product enables users to measure and monitor performance, verify content and functional integrity, load test, and detect problems.
	['', 'web application', ' ', 'management software', ' ', 'monitor performance', ' ', 'functional integrity', ' ', 'load test', ' ', 'detect problem', '']
CipherActive
	Developer of a software for video coding. The company develops and markets accelerated standard encryption systems enabling wide usage of cryptography in resource constrained environments.
	['', 'video coding', ' accelerated ', 'standard encryption', '']
Cobook
	Developer of contact management software. The company develops applications for Macintosh and iOS platform.
	['', 'contact software', ' ', 'ios application', ' ', 'contact management software', '']
OpenAir
	Developer of online business management software. The company offers a suite of PSA (professional services automation) services to streamline business administration, enabling organizations to manage projects, accounting, expense reporting and resource allocation.
	['', 'business management software', ' ', 'professional services automation', '']
Res-Q Healthcare Systems
	Provider of staffing and scheduling software for hospitals. The company provide Web-enabled software application that provides department-wide tracking of workload volumes and performance indicators; and Staffing Simulation Screen that compares staff requirements and available personnel by skill level to simulate staffing scenarios for making decisions.
	['', 'staffing software', ' ', 'scheduling software', ' ', 'software application', ' ', 'performance indicator', '']
Tomaisins International
	Developer of seeds for tomato raisins. The company develops seeds for the use of the dried tomatoes industry.
	['seeds ', 'tomato raisins', ' ', 'cherry tomatoes', ' ', 'dried tomatoes', '']
Procite
	Provider of information reference management software. The company has developed a software which give users flexibility to manage special collections and create unlimited work-forms.
	['', 'management software', '']
GeoTel Communications
	Provider of call routing and optimization software products. The company develops and markets telecommunication software products for center applications.
	['', 'telecommunications software', ' ', 'call routing', ' ', 'call center applications', ' ', 'customer-interaction software', '']
Volta
	Provider of a call queue management software for businesses. The company allows companies to insert call triggers into their existing crm software where agents can log in and start calling from the browser.
	['', 'call triggers', ' ', 'call queue', ' ', 'call management', '']
Remedy Corporation
	Developer of a software system and technology. The company develops a action request system and various applications software.
	['', 'software system', ' ', 'request system', ' ', 'communication software', '']
Andrews Consulting Practice
	Provider of business software advice and assistance software. The company works closely with Business Objects, Oracle, Microstrategy, Microsoft and IBM, customizing their products to clients’ needs.
	['', 'business software', ' ', 'assistance software', ' ', 'business advice software', '']
Mission Critical
	Developer of system management software. The company develops and markets enterprise level system management software.
	['', 'system software', ' ', 'Business software', '']
Jive Software
	Jive Software Inc provides communication and collaboration solutions for business. The Company sell its products through a direct sales force, both domestically and internationally.
	['', 'social business software', ' ', 'social software', ' ', 'business software', '']
Virtugo Software Inc
	Provider of performance and service level management tools for virtual environments.
	['', 'service management', ' ', 'virtual environment', '']
Everdream
	Provider of on-demand software and managed services for desktop management. The company provides software-as-a-service (SaaS) solutions for remote-service management. It offers compliance software services suite that provides visibility into hardware and software assets, tracks software license usage, and automates the distribution of software to ensure regulatory compliance to the computers; and up-time software services suite that provides protection against Internet attacks, hackers, and loss of critical data through malware protection, patch management, and online data backup services.
	['', 'desktop management', ' SaaS ', 'on demand software', ' ', 'service management', ' ', 'remote-service management', ' ', 'compliance software', ' ', 'software license', ' ', 'internet protection', ' ', 'malware protection', ' ', 'patch management', ' ', 'data backup', '']
Abatis Systems
	Developer of consumable IP networking software. The company develops software that are based on the business services architecture, designed to let carriers leverage their existing core networks and deploy IP services.
	['', 'networking software', ' ', 'business services architecture', ' ', 'consumable internet proticol', '']
MAXM Systems
	Developer of management software. The company develops network management software and is based in McLean, Virginia.
	['', 'enterprise automation software', ' ', 'network management', '']
Arvensia
	Operator of an online portal for grain industry. The company focuses on agricultural products such as grains and flours. It also develops products and services for optimal processing of transactions.
	['', 'agricultural products', ' grains flours ', 'feed processing', ' crops']
Feed Management Systems
	Provider of software solutions that links critical information between commercial feed manufacturers and their suppliers and customers. The company aims to help feed manufacturers attract and retain customers by providing the information infrastructure required to operate effectively in the dynamic and complex feed manufacturing environment.
	['', 'feed manufacturer', ' ', 'commercial feed', ' ', 'information software', ' ', 'business software', '']
Grantium
	Provider of the grants management software platform for government agencies and granting organizations. The company provides the software that helps in off-the-shelf end-to-end enterprise grants management between organization.
	['', 'grant management software', ' ', 'automate grant', ' ', 'virtual world', '']
6 Wunderkinder
	Provider of a business task management software with online synchronization. The company provides an interface to track everything from grocery shopping to long-term travel plans.
	['', 'task management software', ' ', 'online synchronization', ' ', 'productivity software', '']
Watermark Software
	Provider of image storage and processing software. The company integrates scanned paper documents and faxes with applications such as e-mail, databases, spreadsheets,and accounting software.
	['', 'multimedia software', '']
SAP
	The Company develops, markets and sells enterprise application software products for corporations, government agencies and educational institutions.
	['']
Enroute
	Developer of of parcel-shipping management software. The company makes a web-based software platform that helps businesses choose the cheapest and fastest delivery service—international, national or regional carriers to ship their packages.
	['', 'parcel-shipping management', ' ', 'logistic software', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'package delivery software', '']
Qualiboo
	Provider of software systems for food traceability. The company offers a combined hardware and software system that provides traceability from receipt of raw materials to the shipment of finished products.
	['', 'traceability solution', ' ', 'hygiene solution', ' ', 'food quality check', ' ', 'traceability software', ' ', 'raw material quality check', ' ', 'business software', '']
Logistics.com
	Provider of logistics planning and execution software to shippers and carriers. The company links players in the logistics and adjacent industries on a standard communication and application integration platform, Logistics Event Management Architecture. It offers OptiManage, which is a transportation management software, as well as OptiBid, which is a procurement software for shippers.
	['', 'procurement software', ' ', 'transportation management software', ' ', 'application integration platform', '']
Quiver
	Developer of information management software. The company offers QKS Classifier, a taxonomy and content categorization platform that combines the technology with human judgment to increase productivity and informed decision-making.
	['', 'information management software', ' productivity ', 'content categorization', ' MIS']
Microsoft Visio
	Developer of visualization and diagramming software. The company is the creator of a diagramming and vector graphics application, which connects data to graphics and can be used in business applications. Microsoft acquired the company in January 2007, retaining the Seattle-based business as a division of its company and utilizing its software with its own product offerings.
	['', 'diagramming application software', ' ', 'visualization software', ' ', 'graphics software', ' ', 'business software', '']
CommerceInterface
	Provider of e-commerce channel management software. The company provides software to help manufacturers, distributors and retailers to manage their businesses and selling online.
	['', 'channel management', ' ', 'e-commerce', ' ', 'channel management technology', ' ', 'online business management', '']
Tigerstripe
	Provider of software products and services. The company provides software that helps telecommunications companies to automate and tie together billing, customer management, back office systems and create plug and play interfaces. Its software also facilitates a broadband provider to tie together customer account data with the network capacity.
	['', 'Tigerstripe Workbench', ' ', 'telecommunication software', ' ', 'telecommunication services', ' ', 'business software', '']
Zanza Software
	Developer of software allowing users to query database and create reports using the Web browser. The company offers web-based, java business intelligence solutions. It provides computer software used to access, format, process and distribute information via electronic communications networks.
	['', 'business software', ' ', 'software services', ' ', 'query database', ' ', 'information software', '']
Obtiva
	Developer of Ruby on Rails software.
	['', 'software developer', '']
Nextime Solutions
	Provider of software services for businesses. The company provides heavy-duty off-the-shelf-appointment system, which is used in many sectors, such as health care, regulatory actions, as well as the financial sector.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'business software', ' ', 'information management', '']
