Open Data Registry
	Provider of supply chain intelligence. The company\'s services help consumer brands to implement innovative financial risk management and sourcing strategies to produce more environmentally sustainable consumer goods.
	['', 'supply chain', ' ', 'financial risk management', ' ', 'sourcing strategy', '']
SeeCommerce
	Provider of supply chain performance management and improvement application. The company enables business managers and trading partners to manage and improve business performance across complex supply chains.
	['', 'supply chain management', ' ', 'web centric application', ' ', 'internet centric application', '']
CDFX
	Provider of services for the print supply chain. The company offers services for producing and delivering print, optical, direct and promotional products for direct marketers. It also offers virtual warehouse software that helps clients to streamline processes.
	['', 'optical media', ' ', 'inventory management', ' ', 'print supply chain', ' ', 'project management system', '']
Logi-D
	Provider of supply chain automation services to hospitals and healthcare institutions in North America. The company provides a platform for automation of medical supplies in hospitals and thereby reducing logistics costs.
	['', 'software developer', ' ', 'automation services', ' ', 'medical supplies', ' ', 'healthcare institutions', '']
Factory Logic
	Supplier of software for lean scheduling and supply synchronization. The company provides manufacturing and supply chain management solutions to the automotive, electronics, industrial equipment and aerospace industries.
	['', 'management solutions', ' ', 'lean scheduling', ' ', 'supply synchronization', '']
Sentient Health
	Provider of a platform with software and services for optimizing inventory management of consumable medical supplies. The company offers MedTrac software to automate supply chain management of consumable medical supplies, such as stents, syringes and gloves.
	['', 'patient safety', ' ', 'patient care', ' ', 'inventory management', ' ', 'medical supply', '']
Speedchain Networks
	Provider of supply chain event management and global e-logistics services. The company through its web-native framework increases cross-enterprise collaboration and information sharing.
	['', 'supply chain', ' ', 'event management', ' e-logistics']
Mercari Technologies
	Provider of supply-chain management and e-fulfillment software company. The company\'s merchandising solutions bringing retailers and manufacturers closer to their customers by integrating consumer behavior data with merchandise planning, supply chain optimization, category management and financial analysis.
	['', 'business software', ' ', 'supply-chain management', ' e-fulfillment']
Profile Systems
	Developer of product data and supply chain management solutions for business-to-business electronic commerce. The company also offers extensive consulting services, including product data cleanup, supplier enablement/assessment, inventory consulting and overall electronic commerce and supply chain scoping projects.
	['e-business ', 'supply chain management', ' SCM']
DownstreamEnergy.com
	Provider of solutions for supply chain management. The company provides software programs that manages flow of information between suppliers and marketers. The company mainly focuses on customer management.
	['', 'supply chain', ' ', 'information flow', '']
SAF Simulation, Analysis and Forecasting
	Developer of automated ordering software for retailers. The company provides demand-chain management, to enable process optimization along the breadth of the value chain.
	['', 'forecasting software', ' ', 'automated replenishment', ' ', 'trade forecast', ' trade']
Valdero
	Provider of supply chain performance management and analytical collaboration software applications. The company provides inventory visibility and order fulfillment software applications.
	['', 'supply chain performance', ' ', 'order fulfillment software', ' ', 'supply chain analytic', ' ', 'supply chain software', ' ', 'supply chain', '']
Tangerine Technologies
	Provider and developer of software applications for the custom design and procurement of products and services in multiple vertical markets. The company develops connectors that integrate its systems with a customer\'s procurement management to allow supply chain visualization.
	['', 'procurement management', ' ', 'supply chain', ' ', 'custom design', '']
TradeBeam
	Provider of Global Trade Management software and service solutions. The company streamlines global trading processes for enterprises and their partners. Its integrated solution provides import and export compliance and visibility including inventory management, shipment tracking, and supply chain event management, as well as global trade finance solutions such as open account and letter of credit management.
	['', 'global trade management', ' software technology ', 'global trading', ' shipment ', 'supply chain', ' ', 'letter of credit', ' ', 'trade management software', '']
Global Beverage Group
	Developer of delivery management technologies. The company offers a supply chain management software for the food and beverage industries.
	['', 'delivery management', ' ', 'supply chain management', '']
Zik Energy Points
	Provider of analysis services for the supply chain. The company provides analysis of energy and resource use in the supply chain, including assessment of consumed  energy, water, fuels and materials. The company provides its services to enterprises seeking to understand their resource efficiency and operational resilience.
	['', 'b2b services', ' ', 'commercial services', '']
