ModeWalk
	Provider of online marketplace for luxury designers and craftsmen. The company enables luxury designers and craftsmen to interact directly with consumers online and sell their products through online marketplace.
	['', 'luxury design', ' ', 'online marketplace', '']
Given Goods Company
	Provider of an online marketplace that encourages social change for companies. The company offers apparel, accessories, footwear, home goods and more from brand names, as well as up-and-coming designers who make a tangible impact.
	['', 'online store', ' ', 'fashion-forward apparel', ' ', 'home goods', '']
Allurent
	Developer of online shopping solutions. The company provides Rich Commerce Suite, which provides a strategic and ongoing approach to deliver online shopping; and e-commerce software that delivers interactions throughout the shopping lifecycle, such as browsing, choosing, and buying. It also offers development and project management services, as well as research, ideation, interaction design, information architecture, visual design, branding, and usability services.
	['', 'online shopping solution', ' ', 'online shopping', ' ', 'project management service', '']
YellowDog Media
	Provider of an online shopping website. The company offers an online marketplace which uses social networks to connect buyers and sellers.
	['', 'online shopping website', ' ', 'social buying', ' ', 'online retail', ' ', 'seller buyer network', '']
Extrabux
	Operator of a comparison shopping website. The company enables consumers to compare prices,find coupons, and earn cash back on their online purchases.
	['', 'price comparison', ' ', 'cash back', ' coupons']
AbeBooks
	Provider of an online marketplace for books. The company offers collections of new as well as used and out-of-print books on the Internet. It provides book sellers with a venue for their products.
	['', 'online marketplace', ' ', 'out-of-print', ' ', 'Internet Retail', ' ', 'book sales', '']
Pomocni.pl
	Provider of online marketplace in Poland for local contractors. The company provides a listing service for an array of services, including childcare, construction, computer services, tutors, car repair and entertainment.
	['', 'child care', ' ', 'senior care', ' ', 'construction verticals', '']
Junglee.com
	Provider of shopping information over the internet. The company creates giant databases of highly targeted content that instantly link buyers and sellers, thus creating giant new online markets.
	['', 'online shopping', ' ', 'E Commerce', ' ', 'B 2 C', '']
Oferton Liveshopping
	Operator of live shopping website. The company offers sale in various product categories like electronics, leisure and fashion at slashed prices on a particular day. It is an alternative to the traditional online shops and the private sales sites where the customer can benefit from highly discounted products for a period of 24 hours or until stock is depleted.
	['', 'live shopping', ' ', 'discounted price', ' ', 'shopping website', '']
BRANDiD
	Provider of an online shopping-assistance service for men. The company offers a worldwide online shopping service that enables men to have personal shoppers assemble outfits for them, which they can try on before committing to purchase through the company. The platform also functions as a marketing channel for clothing retailers.
	['', 'online shopping assistance', ' ', 'marketing channel', ' ', 'men clothing', '']
HealthRally
	Provider of online platform that uses social motivation and positive financial incentives to inspire people to achieve their health and wellness goals.
	['', 'online platform', ' ', 'social motivation', ' ', 'social support', '']
Bureau of Trade
	Provider of an online marketplace for men’s shopping. The company provides a platform that offers classic cars and vintage chronographs, mummy cartonage, lightning, furniture and literature.
	['', 'online shopping platform', ' ecommerce ', 'mummy cartonage', '']
Cameraworld.com
	Provider of online shopping site for photographic equipment and digital imaging. The company is a retailer of brands such as Canon, Fuji, Kodak, Nikon, Olympus, Panasonic, Pentax and Sony.
	['', 'photographic equipment', ' ', 'video product', ' ', 'video accessory', '']
L\'ArcoBaleno
	Provider of a curated marketplace and resource for exploring and purchasing furniture, lighting, crafts and decorative arts. The company\'s online platform mixes a curated marketplace with magazine-style content covering pieces across the spectrum of design ranging from furniture and crafts to architecture and technology.
	['', 'online furniture', ' ', 'decorative arts', ' ', 'contemporary lights', '']
Exchange.com
	Developer of an online marketplace. The company is an e commerce marketplace which offers buyers a vast selection of merchandise from dealers and reputable sources.
	['', 'online marketplace', ' ', 'merchandise selection', ' ', 'merchandise dealer', '']
BuyPlayWin
	Provider of an online tournament marketplace. The company combines online shopping with tournament games.
	['', 'online marketplace', ' ', 'tournament marketplace', ' ', 'online shopping', '']
OkCupid
	Provider of an online dating service and social-networking website. The company uses an algorithm-based system to evaluate user questionnaires and suggest compatible connections. The company was acquired by Match.com in February 2011.
	['', 'online dating', ', ', 'social networking', ', ', 'dating website', '']
GoNabit
	Operator of online shopping platform. The company provides an e-commerce platform which connects buyers and sellers, and offers discounted products for a limited period of time.
	['', 'group buying', ' ', 'daily deals', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
nMotion Technologies
	Provider of an online marketing service. The company provides a marketplace for individual digital out-of-home networks to sell ad space on their screen networks and connect with interested advertisers.
	['', 'IT Services', '']
