MitralSolutions
	Developer of implantable devices that repair heart valve abnormalities.  The company develops implantable devices for cardiac valve repair. The company offers an adjustable surgical device that custom fits to each patient’s anatomy and can be tuned under beating heart conditions to eliminate valve leakage.
	['', 'implantable devices', ' ', 'heart valve', ' ', 'cardiac valve', ' ', 'adjustable surgical device', '']
Cornovus Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of methods to treat cardiac hypertrophy and heart failure. The company develops a technology that helps to delay the onset of heart failure after a heart attack or injury.
	['', 'cardiac attack', ' ', 'cardiac hypertrophy', ' ', 'heart failure', ' ', 'heart injury', '']
Viacor
	Developer of catheter-based techniques for the treatment of heart valve disease contributing to congestive heart failure. The company develops percutaneous therapies for cardiac valve repair; and a minimally invasive cardiac valve repair system to treat congestive heart failure patients afflicted with mitral regurgitation or leaky mitral valves.
	['', 'heart treatment', ' ', 'heart valve disease', ' ', 'heart failure', ' ', 'percutaneous therapy', '']
3F Therapeutics
	Developer, manufacturer, and marketer of cardiovascular devices for patients with unmet clinical needs in the United States. The company\'s products include Aortic Bioprosthesis, a biological replacement aortic heart valve to maintain flow characteristics after implant. It\'s products under development includes Invasive and Transapical Aortic heart replacement technology, including Enable Aortic Heart Valve, Entrata Aortic Valve system, and Endurance Valve System to reduce surgical cross-clamp and cardio-pulmonary bypass time, utilization for congestive heart failure in patients with right heart failure symptoms, and to replicate the natural mitral apparatus.
	['', 'cardiovascular device', ' ', 'aortic heart valve', ' ', 'heart failure', ' ', 'cardio pulmonary bypass', ' ', 'heart implantation', '']
Ample Medical
	Manufacturer of endovascular medical devices for repairing heart valves. The company develops medical devices that treat vascular heart diseases and congestive heart failures. Its first product, the PS3 System, targets percutaneous repair of mitral valve regurgitation associated with congestive heart failure (CHF).
	['', 'healthcare services', '']
Berlin Heart
	Developer, producer and marketer of innovative devices for mechanically supporting the heart. The company offers INCOR, the implantable axial pump.
	['', 'innovative device', ' ', 'implantable axial pump', ' ', 'heart support', ' ', 'heart device', ' ', 'heart surgery', ' heart']
Sadra Medical
	Developer of therapies for the treatment of aortic valve disease. The company offers transcatheter aortic valve replacement systems. It also provides Lotus valve, a bovine tissue tri-leaflet bioprosthetic aortic valve supported by a nitinol stent structure; and Lotus delivery catheter, a delivery system for guidance and placement of the Lotus valve.
	['', 'aortic valve treatment', ' ', 'aortic valve replacement system', '']
Cardio Life Research
	Provider of cardiac surgery devices. The company designs and develops self-guided endoscopic aortic clamping systems, self adjusting atrial retractors and self suturing puncture devices, for heart valve surgery.
	['', 'heart valve surgery', ' ', 'cardiac surgery devices', ' ', 'aortic clamping systems', ' ', 'atrial retractors', ' ', 'puncture devices', ' ', 'surgical devices', '']
Vexim
	Developer of titanium implants for the treatment of vertebral fractures. The company\'s product SpineJack helps to repair a deformed or fractured vertebra and restoring the anatomy of the spinal column.
	['', 'titanium implants', ' ', 'surgical cements', ' ', 'vertebral fractures', ' spinal']
CardioPolymers
	Developer of an implantable device for treating congestive heart failure. The company provides biocompatible polymer implant therapies to handle chronic heart failure, mitral valve regurgitation, and post-operative atrial fibrillation.
	['', 'biocompatible polymer implant', ' ', 'medical device', ' ', 'heart problem', '']
