Matrix Semiconductor
	Developer of three-dimensional integrated circuits (IC). The company is a provider of flash-memory storage solutions for digital content, including memory cards,  solid-state drives, USB storage devices, media software, embedded storage and music and video players.
	['', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'flash device', ' ', 'digital content', '']
Transfusion Technologies
	Developer and designer of systems for processing human blood for transfusion to patients. The company\'s systems are based on centrifuge technology called the Dynamic Disk and consist of sterile, single use disposable sets and computer controlled electromechanical devices that control the blood processing procedure.
	['', 'centrifuge technology', ' ', 'monitoring systems', '']
StorageApps
	Provider of all-encompassing solutions, applications and appliances for storage-based network services. The company\'s appliances and applications enable customers to connect virtually any type of storage devices with any servers over any connection type.
	['storage ', 'live data', ' ', 'data mirroring', '']
Headway Technologies
	Manufacturer and supplier of  magnetoresistive heads to the disk drive industry. The company develops magnet resistive recording heads for the disk storage industry.
	['storing ', 'magnet resistive', ' drive disk']
Digital Research
	Developer of a personal computer operating system. The company provides a software for computer operating systems that controls printers and disk drives of a desktop computer.
	['']
Xanto Technologies
	Provider of wireless based devices for multimedia data exchange and security storage. The company developes innovative pocket wireless based storage devices that allow data exchange without the mediation of a personal computer.
	['', 'wireless devices', ' ', 'security storage', ' ', 'multimedia data exchange', ' ', 'wireless based devices', '']
Micropolis
	Manufacturer of high capacity/performance disk drives. The company provides high capacity mini floppy disk drives and 8" Winchester drives.
	['', 'disk drives', '']
Link_A_Media Devices
	Manufacturer of custom system-on-chip (SoC) solutions for peripheral data storage devices. The company’s SoC solutions integrate the read/write channel, disk controller functions, microprocessor and memories and servo processing for HDD application on a single chip.
	['', 'data recovery', ' ', 'system on chip', ' ', 'data storage device', '']
Firesale.com
	Provider of marketplace for liquidating excess inventory. The company provides services for computer liquidators and name brand computer hardware products.
	['', 'online retail', '']
Archive (Storage (IT))
	Manufacturer of streaming tape drives. The company\'s products are used as backup storage devices to protect against the loss of data in the event of drive malfunction or user error, as well as for archival storage, data interchange and software loading.
	['', 'tape drive', ' ', 'computer storage', ' ', 'archive storage', ' minicomputer archive ', 'storage device', ' tape']
Amcodyne
	Provider of disk drives and other computer storage devices.
	['', 'disk drive', ' ', 'computer storage', ' ', 'storage device', '']
EEStor
	Developer and Manufacturer of Electrical Energy Storage Unit. The company designs, develops and manufactures energy density storage devices and capacitors.
	['', 'energy storage device', ' ', 'electrical energy storage', ' ', 'capacitor', ' ', 'ultra capacitor', '']
