Ultranat
	Provider of technologies for the treatment of power plant waste ash. The company\'s technology enables ash from biomass fuel power plants to be processed into valuable  end-of-waste products, like fertilizers and animal feed.
	['', 'Waste treatment', ' ', 'processing ash', ' ', 'biomass fuel power plants', '']
Power Innovations International
	Provider of services for power management, power storage and green energy technologies for power generation and re-generation. The company also offers consulting and customization of original equipment manufacturer development accessories.
	['', 'power management', ' ', 'power generation', ' ', 'power storage', '']
Greenvironment
	Developer of micro-turbine technology.The company offers CHP plants in a power range of 30 kWel to 1 MWel with low maintenance requirements and low emissions.
	['', 'turbine technology', ', ', 'power plant', ', ', 'biogas', '']
NuScale Power
	Designer of electric light water reactor nuclear power plants for nuclear power generation applications in government and commercial sectors in the United States. The company offers single-unit systems and multi-module facilities.
	['', 'small modular reactor', ' ', 'nuclear power plant', ' ', 'energy service', '']
Savonia Power
	Operator of power plants for combined heat and electricity production. The company specializes in power generation module for combined heat and power production in power plants. It also provides power plant maintenance and service.
	['', 'power plant', ' ', 'power generation', ' ', 'heat production', ' ', 'power generation module', '']
Konarka Technologies
	Developer of specialized photovoltaic materials used to convert light to energy. The company develops and advances nano-enabled polymer photovoltaic materials for commercial, industrial, government, and consumer applications. It provides standard products to serve portable power needs; and custom solutions, such as roll up chargers, personal accessories, and fold up chargers.
	['', 'photovoltaic material', ' ', 'energy production', ' ', 'light conversion', ' ', 'polymer photovoltaic', ' ', 'portable power', ' ', 'power generation', ' ', 'roll up charger', ' ', 'fold up charger', ' ', 'solar energy', '']
Jurong Aromatics
	Operator of integrated aromatics plants. The company operates aromatic chemical production plant and produces transportation fuels in Singapore.
	['aromatics ', 'transportation fuels', ' ', 'petrochemical plant', '']
IQwind
	Developer of gearbox technology for wind turbine applications. The company develops and commercializes a variable speed turbine which increases power generation efficiency and drive train reliability through reduction of loads.
	['', 'gearbox technology', ' ', 'power generation', ' ', 'variable speed turbine', '']
Ausra
	Developer of utility-scale solar thermal power. The company offers Compact Linear Fresnel Reflector, a solar collector and steam generation system. Its zero-carbon power plants generate electricity at current market prices for fossil-fired power without the emissions caused by burning fuels.
	['reflector thermal ', 'steam generation', ' electric fossil carbon power']
PulseWave RF
	Provider of semiconductor components for wireless power amplifiers. The company offers Class M Power technology, a digital multi-carrier power amplifier module that simplifies the design for transmitters and provides the scalability required for various power level configurations, including fail-soft operation.
	['', 'semiconductor component', ' ', 'wireless power amplifier', ' ', 'amplifier module', ' ', 'digital multi carrier', '']
Offerum
	Operator of a collective buying group that features events and local leisure activities with significant discounts. The company offers attractive deals on recreational activities to its users.
	['', 'internet retail', ' ', 'collective buying power', ' ', 'affordable discount', ' ', 'purchasing power', '']
Avexus
	Provider of software solutions for the lifecycle management of complex assets. The company provides focused solutions for MRO organizations that serve the Aerospace, Power Generation, Rail and Maritime Industries, with the Impresa enterprise software as the cornerstone of the Avexus Product Solution Suite.
	['', 'life cycle management', ' ', 'power generation', ' aerospace']
Solucel
	Developer of plant-derived pharmaceuticals. The company offers small molecules, such as secondary metabolites from plants for pharmaceutical applications.
	['', 'plant-derived pharmaceutical', ' ', 'plant biotechnology', ' microbial fermentation']
Calypto Design Systems
	Provider of power optimization and functional verification software services. The company offers PowerPro CG that reads in an RTL design and evaluates circuit behavior in various clock cycles to identify sequential clock gating enable conditions; PowerPro MG, an automated memory power optimization service that reduces dynamic and leakage memory power; and PowerPro-filer, a Linux utility that calculates clock-gating efficiency, as well as the percentage of registers clock gated in a RTL design block.
	['circuit ', 'functional verification', ' ', 'electronic system', '']
Advanced Power Projects
	Provider of power by focusing on natural gas power generation. The company develops new power plants to reduce power costs for industrial customers, as well as provides technologies to facilitate the economic deployment of wind, solar, and biomass plants.
	['', 'power generation', ' ', 'natural gas', ' ', 'biomass plants', '']
HF2
	Developer of a photovoltaic power plant. The company sells energy to the market and is also entitled to the Italian GSE feed-in tariff system. The develops photovoltaic power plant that is used to reduce CO2 emissions.
	['', 'renewable energy', ' ', 'photovoltaic power', '']
