MessageClick
	Provider of internet-based outsourced messaging services including fax, voice and unified messaging. The company offers its services directly to end-users and through service providers, which include cable operators, telephone companies, and major ISPs.
	['telecommunications ', 'internet service provider', ' ', 'cable operators', '']
Telogy Networks
	Developer of asymmetric digital subscriber line semiconductors. The company\'s golden gateway software enables its customers to develop connected products that send real-time voice, fax and data over packet networks.
	['', 'Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line', ' semiconductors']
Azuki Systems
	Provider of over-the-top optimized multi-screen video technology services. The company operates a web-based platform that enables service providers, mobile operators and brand-name media to combine the power of over-the-top delivery with the highest quality of user experience, content protection, scale and reliability.
	['', 'video technology services', ' ', 'web-based platform', ' ', 'video delivery', '']
Clarent
	Provider of networked internet telephony services for long distance phone calling service providers. The company enables service providers to deliver simultaneous transmission of voice, fax and data over internet protocol network.
	['VoIP ', 'communication service', ' ', 'internet telephony', '']
Nexabit Networks
	Designer and manufacturer of switch/router equipment for carrier and service provider networks. The company\'s product enables service providers to offer real-time services and accommodate the bandwidth demands.
	['', 'electronic equipment', ' ', 'router equipment', ' ', 'service provider networks', ' ', 'network equipment', '']
Xtera Communications
	Developer of optical, internet protocol performance, and service solutions to terrestrial and sub-sea global service providers. The company’s products include NU-WAVE ES, a scalable optical line system; Nu-Wave CXR system, an OADM transport system to converge metropolitan, regional, long haul and ultra long haul systems into a homogeneous network.
	['', 'IP performance', ' ', 'optical line', ' ', 'homogeneous network', ' ', 'ip service', '']
Impulse Telecom
	Provider of telecommunications services. The company provides local and long distance phone services and flat rate long-distance services.
	['', 'telecommunications services', '']
Packet Shaper Technologies
	Provider of software solutions and hosted services to the telecommunications industry in the Asia Pacific. The company provides Soft Switch Prix, a carrier-class deployment platform that allows service providers, ISVs, and OEMs to develop and deploy converged communication services; a calling cards platform that features call waiting, call forwarding, conferencing, and voicemail options; and a calling card hosted service to build a private-label pre-paid phone card business. It also offers Predictive Dialer, an outbound campaigns management solution for telemarketing and telesales teams; DialPrix, an outbound customer contact solution; SMS gateway, an SMS transit service for transforming messages to mobile network traffic from other media; and Email2sms, a solution that translates email messages into text messages and forwards to mobile networks.
	['telecommunication ', 'calling card', ' ', 'IVR platform', ' voicemail conferencing ', 'call forwarding', ' ', 'bandwidth management', ' ', 'wireless networking', '']
VocalData
	Developer of service delivery soft switches and service platforms. The company enables communications carriers to deliver telephony and communications services on next generation networks (NGNs).
	['', 'service delivery', ' ', 'service platform', ' ', 'communication service', '']
Intelepeer (Voice Peering Business)
	Provider of direct IP connections to global service providers. The company is a provider of carrier-class voice-peering infrastructure, designed to deliver transmission of voice and related rich-media services to users\' wireline or wireless device of choice.
	['', 'voice transmission', ' ', 'rich media', ' VoIP']
Voice Access Technologies
	Provider of voice-activated information services. The company\'s voice access platform and application enables service providers and enterprises to deliver user-requested content across multiple presentation platforms, automated voice-response, fax, PDA, SMS, WAP, web, email and pagers.
	['', 'voice activated products', ' ', 'application software', ' ', 'voice access platform', ' fax']
