Intuit
	Intuit Inc was incorporated in California in March 1984. The Company was reincorporated in Delaware and completed its initial public offering in March 1993. The Company creates business and financial management solutions that help simplify the business of life for small businesses, consumers, and accounting professionals. The Company\'s products and services include; QuickBooks, TurboTax, Quicken and Mint, and help customers solve business and financial management problems including running a small business, paying bills, and filing income taxes. The Company\'s tax preparation offerings for professional accountants includes; ProSeries and Lacerte. The Company operates its businesses into three segments; Small Business, Consumer Tax, and Professional Tax. The Small Business segment includes offerings targeting the small business market. It includes QuickBooks financial and business management online services and desktop software for small businesses and the accounting professionals serving small businesses; Small business payroll and employee management products and services; Payment processing services for small businesses, including merchant services such as credit and debit card processing; web-based transaction processing services for online merchants; secure online payments for small businesses and their customers through the Intuit Commerce Network; GoPayment mobile payment processing services; and QuickBooks Point of Sale solutions. The Consumer Tax segment targets consumers and includes TurboTax income tax preparation products and services and electronic tax filing services. The Professional Tax segment targets professional accountants and includes Lacerte, ProSeries, and Intuit Tax Online professional tax products and services. The Company faces competition in all businesses, both domestically and internationally. The Company\'s competitors includes; Wells Fargo, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, First Data Corporation, Elavon, Global Payments, FIS-Certegy, PayPal and Square. The Company is subject to federal and state laws and government regulations concerning employee safety and health and environmental matters.
	['', 'financial management', ' ', 'accounting management', ' ', 'asset management', '']
ALTAVEN
	Provider and developer of a software for tax group management. The company provides OPTIM’IS software to create an unlimited number of tax groups and establish the tax consolidation scope for each reporting period. It also provides consulting and information technology services for tax management.
	['', 'tax management', ' ', 'tax report software', ' ', 'tax group', '']
The Vincam Group
	Provider of small and midsized businesses with staffing-related services. The company establishes a co-employer relationship with clients by providing services in such areas as human resources, regulatory compliance and tax administration, employee benefits, payroll tax and risk management.
	['', 'Human Capital Management', ' ', 'staffing-related services', ' ', 'HR Business Process', '']
WageWorks
	Provider of tax-advantaged programs for consumer-directed health, commuter and other employee spending account benefits or CDBs. The company administers and operates a broad array of CDBs, including spending account management programs, such as health and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts, or FSAs, Health Savings Accounts, or HSAs, Health Reimbursement Arrangements, or HRAs and commuter benefits, such as transit and parking programs.
	['', 'tax program', ' ', 'tax benefit', ' ', 'commuter tax', ' ', 'retiree service', ' ', 'benefit program', ' ', 'retiree service', ' ', 'retiree program', ' ', 'tax advantage', ' ', 'employee benefit', ' ', 'employee service', '']
Propel Financial Services
	Provider of property tax financing for commercial and residential property owners. The company also provides provides capital solutions to businesses and individuals.
	['', 'property tax', ' ', 'commercial financing', ' ', 'residential tax financing', ' ', 'tax consulting', '']
