Paypal
	Provider of a digital wallet and online payment services for individuals and businesses. The company offers various ways to pay and ways to get paid, including mobile express checkout service for retailers. Its service allows users to pay in various ways, such as through credit cards, bank accounts, and buyer credit or account balances.
	['', 'online payment', ' ', 'money transfer', ' SaaS ', 'payment solution', ' ', 'Internet payments', ' ', 'Internet commerce', '']
Simple Finance Technology
	Provider of banking services through Web and mobile applications. The company works in partnership with financial institutions that hold the actual deposits. It also offers deposit, money transfer and online bill payment services.
	['', 'online banking', ' ', 'money transfer', ' ', 'bill payment', ' deposit ', 'debit card', ' ', 'consumer banking', ' ', 'saving account', '']
Billpoint
	Provider of billing and payment services. The company provided authorization, billing and payment services for small merchants and individuals who wanted to conduct e-commerce transaction.
	['', 'billing and payment', ' ', 'e-commerce transaction', ' ', 'payment service', '']
3V Transaction Services
	Provider of stored value accounts and standard and contactless payment cards. The company also provides mobile payments and money transfer services at a product and platform level to corporate clients internationally.
	['', 'stored value account', ' ', 'contactless payment card', ' ', 'standard payment card', ' ', 'money transfer', '']
Venmo
	Provider of text messaging-based digital wallet payment system. The company is a social payments platform that makes it easy for friends to exchange money using their phones.
	['', 'bill payment', ' ', 'text messaging', '']
Square
	Provider of online payment services. The company provides online payment services to enable merchants to accept credit cards anywhere, using a card reader that plugs into a phone or iPad.
	['', 'payment service', ' ', 'mobile payment device', ' ', 'digital payment', ' ', 'credit card payment', ' ', 'credit card reader', '']
Trivnet
	Provider of mobile payment and mobile commerce services. The company enables payment and commercial services offered by operators and service providers, allowing a rapid rollout of profitable offerings with a minimal investment.
	['', 'mobile financial service', ' ', 'mobile payment', ' ', 'mobile commerce', ' ', 'mobile money transfer', '']
DineroMail
	Provider of e-payment services to international merchants. The company operates as an online payment platform which helps companies to collect payments from online and offline sales. It offers different local payment methods like cash payment, credit cards, bank transfer and also e-wallet.
	['e-payment ', 'payment platform', ' ', 'transaction software', '']
mChek India Payment Systems
	Provider of mobile payment services. The company offers mobile banking and payment services. It offers a hosted service for mobile money transfer and secure payments using credit cards, debit cards, bank accounts and stored-value wallets.
	['', 'mobile payment', ' ', 'mobile banking', ' ', 'mobile money transfer', ' ', 'secure payment', ' ', 'stored value wallet', '']
First USA Partners
	Issuer of affinity credit cards for alumni associations and other nonprofit groups. The company serves as exclusive sales and business development arm of First USA Bank.
	['', 'credit cards', '']
99Bill
	Provider of independent third-party payment services in China. The company offers electronic payment services to enterprises and individuals. It also supports payment via international cards, such as VISA and MasterCard; and services domestic and international bank cards.
	['', 'third party payment', ' ', 'electronic payment', ' ', 'electronic fund transfer', '']
