Potomac Research Group
	Provider of Washington policy analysis to institutional investors. The company provides market technical analysis and Washington policy for Wall Street. It also provides analysis of federal legislative activities and regulatory policies helps institutional investors determine Washington’s impact on industry.
	['', 'research firm', ' ', 'information provider', ' analytic']
Interactive Advisory Software
	Provider of wealth management software-as-a-service (SaaS) solution for financial advisors and wealth managers. The company offers services like financial planning, portfolio management, customer relationship management, back-office services/reconciliation, rebalancing and trading, client portal and reporting services.
	['', 'Wealth Management Software', ' ', 'Portfolio Management', ' ', 'Financial Planning', ' ', 'Customer Relationship Management', ' ', 'Back Office Services', ' ', 'Client Portals', '']
My New Financial Advisor
	Operator of an online wealth management company. The company focuses on portfolio analysis, growing nation-wide network of financial advisers and institutional passive money management.
	['', 'online wealth management', ' ', 'portfolio analysis', ' ', 'money management', '']
INEX
	Provider of Internet commerce applications for merchants to build, manage and promote their on-line storefronts. The company\'s applications inter operate with a host of industry standards and environments, allowing merchants to maximize their investment in existing business systems and processes.
	['', 'back office', ' ', 'front office', ' ', 'E Commerce', '']
Absolute Capital Management
	Operator and manager of funds. The company provides investment management and advisory services to mutual funds.
	['', 'mutual fund', ' ', 'fund manager', ' ', 'investment bank', '']
myWealth.com
	Provider of control over investors portfolios by mastering the fundamentals of key markets. The company provides finance courses, investing courses and online investment classes. Its courses cover essentials of currency, stock and ETF trading, as well as portfolio management.
	['', 'investor portfolio', ' ', 'online finance course', ' ', 'online investing course', '']
Covestor
	Provider of an asset management service. The company provides an online investing marketplace that allows investors to compare and select money managers, offering active and passive investment options.
	['', 'financial platform', ' ', 'money manager', ' ', 'investment option', '']
SEI Investments
	SEI Investments Co was incorporated in Pennsylvania in 1968. The Company is a provider of investment processing, investment management and investment operations solutions. It helps financial institutions, financial advisors, institutional investors, investment managers and ultra-high-net-worth families create and manage wealth by providing comprehensive, investment and investment-business solutions. The Company\'s wealth management business solutions include: Investment processing outsourcing solutions for providers of institutional and private-client wealth management services, including banks, trust companies, independent wealth advisers and other financial services firms; investment management solutions for institutional investors, including retirement plan sponsors, not-for-profit organizations and affluent individual investors; and investment operations outsourcing solutions for investment management firms, banks and investment companies that sponsor and distribute mutual funds, hedge funds and alternative investments. The Company\'s business segments include: Private Banks, provides investment processing and investment management programs to banks and trust institutions, independent wealth advisers and financial advisors; Investment Advisors, provides investment management programs to affluent investors through a network of independent registered investment advisors, financial planners and other investment professionals in the United States; Institutional Investors, provides investment management programs and administrative outsourcing solutions to retirement plan sponsors, hospitals and not-for-profit organizations; Investment Managers, provides investment operations outsourcing solutions to fund companies, banking institutions and both traditional and non-traditional investment managers; and Investments in New Businesses, focuses on providing investment management programs to ultra-high-net-worth families residing in the United States, developing internet-based investment services and advice solutions, entering new markets, and conducting other research and development activities. Its business solutions are directly marketed to potential clients in its target markets. Its competitors include: Federated Investors, Inc., Russell Investment Group, AssetMark Investment Services Inc., Brinker Capital, Mercer and Aon Hewitt. The Company\'s products and services include: Investment Processing, Investment Management Programs and Investment Operations.
	['', 'wealth management', ' advisors investment']
Cake Financial
	Provider of a social investment service that lets people safely and securely track all their investment portfolios in one place. The company allows individual investors to track and analyze their historical performance up to ten years.
	['', 'investment portfolio', ' ', 'track investment', ' ', 'social investment service', ' ', 'financial service', '']
Rock The Post
	Provider of an investment crowd funding site for startups. The company has the primary goal of creating a tool and meeting ground for like minded individuals to connect with each other in order to pursue and develop all types of projects and business ideas.
	['', 'business social network', ' ', 'social network', ' ', 'business idea', '']
Invesco PowerShares Capital Management
	Provider of investment management services. The company invests in the public equity, fixed income, currency and commodity markets across the globe. It primarily invests in growth and value stocks of small-cap, mid-cap and large-cap companies.
	['', 'investment managers', ' ', 'exchange traded funds', ' ', 'public equity', '']
GAIN Capital Securities
	Provider of an online investment network. The company operates an online trading-services platform, providing execution, clearing, custody and technology products and services to retail and institutional investors in more than 140 companies.
	['', 'capital security', ' ', 'real-time balance', ' ', 'mutual fund', '']
KM Ventures
	Provider of investment in projects. The company manages information of businesses and prevent repetition, reinvention and duplication of work.
	['', 'information management', ' ', 'repetition prevention', ' reinvention projects']
Utilicase
	Provider of IT consulting and integration services. The company offers a range of asset care optimization and investment planning services. It provides a software platform designed to help companies manage and optimize their resources.
	['', 'IT consulting', ' ', 'integration services', ' ', 'asset care', ' ', 'investment planning', ' ', 'asset management software', '']
Mansard Capital
	Provider of discretionary management services, multi asset management and alternative investment funds to private client and institution. The company has corporate partnerships with financial firms in the UK and globally. It also offer investment products to both retail and institutional client.
	['', 'discretionary management', ' ', 'multi asset', '  ', 'alternative investment ', '']
Recognia
	Provider of actionable investment research products for online brokers. The company helps to automate the investment decision making process by offering trading ideas for all trader types, in order to execute timely trade transactions.
	['', 'investment research', ' ', 'online broker', ' ', 'investment decision', ' ', 'automated quantitative analysis', '']
Thomas Weisel Partners Group
	Operator of an investment bank. The company offers investment banking, brokerage, equity research and asset management. The company\'s services include mergers and acquisition advisory, institutional sales and wealth management. The company focuses on  health care, mining, consumer products and services sectors.
	['', 'investment bank', ' brokerage ', 'asset management', ' ', 'consumer products', '']
Princeton Financial Systems
	Provider of investment accounting software products and services. The company provides investment accounting, investment compliance, data management, performance measurement and reporting products to the global investment industry.
	['', 'investment technology', ' ', 'institutional investors', ' ', 'data management', '']
Envestnet
	Provider of managed account investment services. The company offers separately managed accounts, mutual funds and alternative investments to independent financial advisors through its sub-managers. Its offerings are supported by a proprietary technology platform that delivers customized advisor websites, consolidated views and comprehensive reporting capabilities to independent investment advisory firms.
	['', 'managed account', ' ', 'investment services', ' ', 'mutual funds', '']
Gridstone Research
	Provider of a research platform that aims to help investment analysts in making investment decisions. The company\'s research platform assembles, analyzes and structures unstructured company information into financial data, operational data and structured text. It also sells its research platform to buy-side investment managers.
	['', 'investment analysis', ' ', 'structured text', ' ', 'financial data', '']
Volaris Advisors
	Provider of volatility management advice to individuals, trusts, foundations, banks, and money managers. The company provides customized investment products for banks and broker or dealers to manage investment risk and create portfolios.
	['', 'volatility management advice', ' ', 'portfolio advisory', ' ', 'stock yield enhancement', ' ', 'investment products', '']
Technion Seed
	Provider of financial investment services. The company specializes in seed-stage and start-up investments. It also provides incubator services to technology companies.
	['', 'financial investment', ' seed ', 'industrial companies', '']
