Laser Diagnostic Technologies
	Manufacturer of medical devices to detect early stage glaucoma and macular degeneration. The company develop, manufacture and sale diagnostic laser equipment in the eye care industry.
	['laser equipment glaucoma ', 'macular degeneration', '']
Adocia
	Provider of insulin therapy and treatments for diabetic foot ulcers. The company is specialized in the development of medicines from already approved therapeutic proteins, and is actively engaged in formulation of a fast-acting human insulin and diabetic foot-ulcer healing product.
	['', 'insulin therapy', ' diabetic']
Provasculon
	Developer of novel therapeutic proteins. The company develops therapeutic proteins that help organs damaged by ischemia to heal. The company\'s lead protein therapeutic can restore hearts that have been damaged by severe ischemia to near normal function.
	['', 'therapeutic proteins', ' ischemia ', 'cardiovascular disease', '']
Eyetel Imaging
	Developer of imaging technologies to address vision loss due to undetected and untreated diabetic retinopathy. The company offers EyeTel Retinal Imaging System based on DigiScope, a semi-automated fundus camera which produces images that enable to detect age-related macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy and optic disc abnormalities such as glaucoma. The company also offers EyeTel Reading Center, a telemedicine service providing analysis of patient images.
	['', 'imaging technologies', ' ', 'diabetic retinopathy', ' ', 'fundus camera', ' ', 'macular degeneration', '']
Neugenesis
	Developer of technology for the discovery, improvement and production of complex proteins especially heteromeric proteins. The company develops platforms that help in the discovery and production of complex proteins for biopharmaceutical industries.
	['biotherapeutics ', 'veterinary vaccines', ' ', 'bio therapeutics', ' enzyme protein']
Genemedicine
	Developer of bio-pharmaceutical products. The company designs gene medicines to produce sustained levels of therapeutic proteins within the body. The company develops therapeutic products for both acute and chronic use and to be administered to patients through conventional means such as intramuscular or intravenous injection, or inhalation.
	['biopharmaceutical genes']
Oculex Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of proprietary and generic drugs to treat eye diseases. The company\'s proprietary intraocular drug delivery platform technology is a biodegradable drug delivery technology that permits drugs to be delivered within the eye for the treatment of major eye diseases. It focuses on the development of products for diseases and conditions that occur in the back of the eye, such as diabetic macular edema and age-related macular degeneration.
	['', 'eye disease', ' ', 'drug delivery', ' ', 'eye disease treatment', '']
Applied Genetic Technologies
	Developer of therapeutics for patients with rare lung and eye diseases. The company employs gene therapy to replace broken genes with normally functioning genes. Diseases targeted include Achromatopsia, age-related macular degeneration, Alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, Leber congenital amaurosis and X-linked retinoschisis.
	['', 'non pathogenic virus', ' ', 'retinal disease', ' ', 'retinal degeneration', ' ', 'adeno associated virus', ' achromatopsia ', 'vision loss', '']
MacuClear
	Developer of small molecule products for ophthalmic treatments for age-related diseases of the eye. The company offers MC-1101 eye drops for treating and stopping for progression and causes of blindness and vision impairment, such as dry age related macular degeneration, a disease associated with aging that gradually destroys central vision, and occurs in wet and dry forms (dAMD), as well as diabetic retinopathy.
	['', 'ophthalmic treatment', ' ', 'macular degeneration', ' ', 'diabetic retinopathy', '']
Angiosyn
	Operator of a biopharmaceutical company developing novel proprietary biologics for controlling angiogenesis. The company\'s initial therapeutic indication is for ophthalmic diseases, such as macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy, which due to angiogenesis can lead to decreased vision and blindness
	['', 'healthcare service', ' retinopathy ', 'ophthalmic diseases', '']
CellMed
	Developer of a biological drug delivery system for therapeutic treatment. The company\'s core product is CellMed UHVBiopolymer, which is used as a material to encapsulate cells and tissue. The company\'s products are marketed as CellBeads, which are micro-implants that produces therapeutic molecules to treat diseases like hypoparathyroidism, diabetes, oncology and neurodegeneration.
	['', 'therapeutic treatment', ' CellBeads ', 'micro-implants', ' ', 'therapeutic molecules', '']
Aldeyra Therapeutics
	Developer of drugs for treating retinal diseases. The company develops treatments for the dry form of age-related macular degeneration, an eye disease that leads to blindness.
	['', 'retinal disease treatment', ' ', 'eye treatment', ' ', 'macular degeneration treatment', ' ', 'skin disease', ' ', 'eye disease', '']
Avalanche Biotech
	Developer of technologies and products for the sustained delivery of therapeutic proteins to the eye. The company develops technologies and products for the sustained delivery of therapeutic proteins to the eye to treat wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD), as well as other ophthalmologic disorders, such as diabetic retinopathy, retinal degeneration and glaucoma.
	['', 'health laboratories', ' pharmacology ', 'membrane research', '']
Pixium Vision
	Developer of technology to treat blindness. The company is the developer of IRIS retinal implant system, designed to replace the function of photoreceptors in the retina which are damaged by retinal dystrophy and macular degeneration.
	['', 'retinal dystrophy', ' ', 'data processing', ' electrode ', 'retina blindness', ' ', 'retinal implant', '']
Othera Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of proprietary ophthalmic drugs. The company offers products such as OT-551 for geographic atrophy and dry age-related macular degeneration and OT-440, a neuroprotectant for glaucoma.
	['', 'ophthalmic drug', ' ', 'drug developer', ' ', 'geographic atrophy', ' ', 'macular degeneration', '']
