Molecular Engines Laboratories
	Developer of a new generation of drugs against cancer. The company\'s research is focused on the analysis and understanding of the molecular mechanism which makes it possible for a cancer cell to quit its malignant state and to revert to a suppressed-malignant phenotype.
	['', 'cancer drug', ' ', 'cancer cell analysis', ' ', 'cancer research', '']
Avidimer Therapeutics
	Developer of targeted therapeutics to treat cancer and other diseases. It is a biopharmaceutical company that focuses on the advance use of its proprietary nano-scale therapeutic platform for the treatment of certain cancers through clinical trials.
	['', 'cancer treatment', ' ', 'clinical trials', ' ', 'therapeutic platform', '']
Jennerex Biotherapeutics
	Developer of oncolytic products for cancer. The company\'s products include JX-594, an engineered oncolytic virus that selectively targets and destroys cancer cells, JX-929 that targets the epidermal growth factor receptor and ras signal transduction pathways and JX-963, which is engineered from a strain of vaccinia virus.
	['', 'cancer treatment', ' ', 'oncolytic product development', ' ', 'vaccinia virus', ' ', 'epidermal growth', '']
Orthotopix
	Developer of modelling products for cancer research. The company is a provider of cell, tissue and animal models modelling the prevention and treatment of breast cancer and prostate cancer, urodynamical models of urethral function and a cell line-based safety model of the endometrium. The company provided its products and services to drug-development companies.
	['', 'drug development', ' ', 'healthcare service', ' ', 'tissue modeling', '']
Cabrellis Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of therapies for the treatment of cancer. The company\'s product includes synthetic anthracycline drug for small cell and nonsmall cell lung cancers in Japan. It also has drug commercialization rights in North America and Europe.
	['', 'cancer treatment', ' ', 'lung cancer treatment', ' ', 'drug commercialization', '']
VectorLogics
	Developer of virus based cancer therapies and therapeutic vaccines for viral liver diseases. The company utilizes IBDV technology for research on Viral hepatitis and Hepatocellular carcinoma. The company commercializes products for Cancer Virotherapy, Cancer Vaccines, Prophylactic and Therapeutic Vaccines.
	['', 'Viral hepatitis', ' ', 'Hepatocellular carcinoma', '  carcinoma liver IBDV ', 'Infectious Bursal Disease Virus', '']
LifeSpex
	Provider of accurate, rapid, and cost-effective products for the early detection of cancer. The company develops its new products by combining advanced biophotonic and state-of-the-art signal processing technologies.
	['', 'cancer detection', '']
Stemline Therapeutics
	Stemline Therapeutics Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in discovering, acquiring, developing and commercializing proprietary therapeutics that target both cancer stem cells, or CSCs, and tumor bulk.
	['', 'oncology', ' ', 'cancer stem cell', ' ', 'interleukin receptor', ' ', 'hematological cancer', ' ', 'leukemia blast', '']
Algeta
	Developer of novel targeted therapies for patients with cancer, based on its alpha-pharmaceutical platform. The company is focused to extend and improve cancer patient\'s lives by developing targeted therapies to fulfill unmet medical needs. It\'s lead product Alpharadin is used for treatment for cancer patients with bone metastases. They are also developing thorium targeted conjugates which are based on conjugating the alpha-emitter thorium-227 to tumor-targeting molecules.
	['', 'cancer drug', ' ', 'targeted therapy', ' ', 'bone metastase', '']
Cell Genesys
	Developer of novel biological therapeutic products for patients with cancer.The company pursues three cancer product platforms -- GVAX(R) cancer vaccines, oncolytic virus therapies and in vivo cancer gene therapies. The company provides clinical trials of GVAX(R) vaccines are under way in prostate cancer, lung cancer, pancreatic cancer, leukemia and myeloma.
	['', 'therapeutic products', ' ', 'cancer treatment', '']
