Restricted Stock Systems
	Provider of software services to financial institutions and public companies. The company provides commercial software to manage trading plans in addition to software and services for processing and reporting of restricted stock and insider trading compliance.
	['', 'commercial software', ' ', 'trading plans', ' ', 'restricted stock', ' reporting']
Vhayu Technologies
	Provider of market data solutions for the capture and analysis of streaming and historical data to financial institutions. The company combines software and hardware to provide advantages to financial firms that are seeking to increase their trading speed.
	['data analysis ', 'data analysis', ' financial ', 'financial data', '']
TradeSync
	Provider of services to automate B2B processes within and across companies. The company provides mobile application and Software as a service, which don\'t replace their existing business software systems but extend their functionalities to connect to those of customers or vendors.
	['', 'Electronic Invoice Management', ' ', 'internet commerce', ' ', 'social productivity', ' ', 'accounting service', '']
Synaptic Systems
	Provider of software services for financial advisers. The company provides detailed information across the total marketplace of financial products. It\'s fund clarity enables users to research and select products on internet.
	['', 'financial advisers', ' ', 'financial services', ' ', 'Product Manager', ' ', 'software solution', ' ', 'fund clarity', '']
Andera
	Provider of online customer acquisition services to financial institutions. The offers a suite of products and services for online account opening, funding and crossselling.
	['', 'online account', ' ', 'financial service', ' ', 'funding information', '']
Gensar Holdings
	Provider of electronic data capture and authorization services for financial institutions and sales agents. The company provides a processor of credit card transactions for retailers and other merchants.
	['', 'data capture', ' ', 'authorization services', ' ', 'financial institutions', '']
Content Critical
	Provider of content management, transaction processing and custom middleware technologies. The company provides compliance messaging and reporting solutions, such as composition and rendering solutions for institutions that require distribution of compliance documents. It also provides professional services, such as programming and development, Web development, graphic design and prepress; production services, including digital print, wide format output, mailing and fulfillment, commercial print and binding and finishing; and online support and client services.
	['', 'compliance messaging', ' ', 'graphic design', ' ', 'digital printing', '']
Nextime Solutions
	Provider of software services for businesses. The company provides heavy-duty off-the-shelf-appointment system, which is used in many sectors, such as health care, regulatory actions, as well as the financial sector.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'business software', ' ', 'information management', '']
