Soitec Solar
	Provider of concentrated photovoltaic solar systems. The company operates an industrial production line with an annual production capacity of 25 megawatts located in Freiburg, Germany.
	['', 'solar cell', ' ', 'solar technology', ' ', 'solar system', '']
Industrial Solar
	Manufacturer of heating and cooling devices that utilizes solar power. The company offers solar Fresnel collector systems and other solar cooling and air-conditioning technologies. Its products are used to generate solar process heat, cooling, water treatment and polygeneration. The company was spun out of Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems.
	['', 'heating product', ' ', 'cooling technology', ' ', 'solar power', '']
Caelux
	Operator of a solar-cell designing company. The company designs and develops solar-cell manufacturing process that minimizes the amount of used semiconducting material.
	['solar-cell semiconductor ', 'solar device', '']
Solar Home Energy
	Provider of domestic solar hot water systems. The company also engages in the manufacture of solar collectors.
	['', 'solar hot water', ' ', 'solar collectors', ' ', 'domestic hot water', '']
Panosol
	Provider of solar thermal and photovoltaic services. The company provides solar panels and solar heating in homes.
	['', 'solar thermal', ' ', 'photovoltaic service', ' ', 'solar heating', ' ', 'solar panel', '']
Ausra
	Developer of utility-scale solar thermal power. The company offers Compact Linear Fresnel Reflector, a solar collector and steam generation system. Its zero-carbon power plants generate electricity at current market prices for fossil-fired power without the emissions caused by burning fuels.
	['reflector thermal ', 'steam generation', ' electric fossil carbon power']
Nereus
	Developer of floor-heating technology. The company is engaged in designing, marketing and installing floor-heating systems which use water as their primary heat source, with models that use alternative forms of energy, such as geothermal and solar.
	['', 'floor heating', ' ', 'heating systems', ' ', 'floor heating systems', ' ', 'underfloor heating', '']
Meridian Energy USA
	Developer of utility-scale, environmentally-clean solar plants. The company focuses on generating photovoltaic peak electricity that is free of green house gases for sale to utilities, municipalities and other major customers.
	['', 'electric utilities', ' ', 'photovoltaic electricity', ' ', 'green house gases', ' ', 'green house', ' photovoltaic']
XeroCoat
	Manufacturer and designer of anti-reflective coatings for solar energy systems. The coatings are applicable across all solar technologies and for all solar panel systems.
	['', 'solar energy', ' ', 'anti-reflective coatings', ' ', 'solar technologies', '']
SolFocus
	Developer and manufacturer of solar energy systems based on concentrator photovoltaic (CPV) technology. The company\'s products and technologies include solar concentrator photovoltaic systems, intelligent tracking systems for CPV and flat panel PV markets.
	['', 'photovoltaic system', ' ', 'solar energy solution', ' ', 'concentrator photovoltaic technology', ' ', 'intelligent tracking system', ' ', 'alternative energy', ' ', 'renewable energy', '']
PowerLight
	Designer of solar power systems for commercial, public sector and residential customers. The company provides solar roof tiles and angled solar panels, as well as roof, ground and elevated-parking solar power systems.
	['', 'solar power system', ' ', 'solar roof tile', ' ', 'solar panel', '']
PVPower
	Provider of solar products. The company\'s web platform enables independent solar installers to easily configure, quote and procure solar products.
	['', 'solar product', ' ', 'residential project', ' ', 'commercial project', ' ', 'Alternative Energy Equipment', '']
HelioVolt
	Manufacturer of thin-film solar panels. The company operates a manufacturing and research center, creating thin-film solar photovoltaic modules that can be mounted on commercial rooftops, used to create utility-scale, ground-mounted power-generation systems, building-integrated power systems and custom installations.
	['', 'solar panel', ' ', 'thin film', ' ', 'solar photovoltaic', ' PV BIPV']
REEL Solar Power
	Developer of thin-film photovoltaic technology. The company has developed a proprietary process for rapid electroplating on large surface areas, enabling the manufacture of large cadmium telluride solar panels.
	['', 'solar cell production', ' ', 'solar module', ' electroplating']
QD Soleil
	Provider of nanotechnology based solar products. The company focuses on the use of nanotechnology in solar panel cell designs. It develops and consolidates a range of technologies for use in photovolatics, including the use of spectrum capture enhancers, such as quantum dots, nanoparticle scatterers and light capture materials, semiconducting inks and materials for dual nanocrystal and hybrid nanocrystal/polymer designs. It serves solar equipment suppliers, solar material producers, glass and plastic manufacturers, thin film and amorphous silicon producers and incumbent and new solar entrants.
	['', 'solar technology', ' ', 'solar panel cell', ' ', 'nanoparticle scatter', ' ', 'silicon producer', '']
SolarQuest
	Developer of photovoltaic solar farms. The company specialises in designing, developing and managing integrated photovoltaic electricity-generating arrays on buildings.
	['', 'photovoltaic solar farms', ' ', 'electricity-generating arrays', ' photovoltaic']
Latitude Solar
	Manufacturer of solar panels. The company manufactures photovoltaic solar panels from  polycrystalline silicon that is housed under 4mm hardened glass.
	['', 'polycrystalline silicon', ' ', 'photovoltaic solar', ' ', 'solar panel', '']
