Simple Finance Technology
	Provider of banking services through Web and mobile applications. The company works in partnership with financial institutions that hold the actual deposits. It also offers deposit, money transfer and online bill payment services.
	['', 'online banking', ' ', 'money transfer', ' ', 'bill payment', ' deposit ', 'debit card', ' ', 'consumer banking', ' ', 'saving account', '']
New Resource Bank
	Provider of banking products and services to small to middle-size businesses. The company products include checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts and certificates of deposit, as well as attorney client trust accounts and solar certificates of deposit.
	['', 'banking products', ' ', 'checking accounts', ' ', 'savings account', ' ', 'financial returns', '']
VoiceObjects
	Provider of a phone application server. The company\'s products include VoiceObjects Server, a phone application server that enables carrier-grade deployment and management of over-the-phone voice, video, text and mobile Web self-service applications and VoiceObjects Desktop, a GUI-based application for creating, testing, deploying and monitoring self-service phone portals. It also offers professional services, including consulting, training and technical support services. Its customers include banking and financial services, communication, marketing agencies, industrial, travel and support, healthcare, government, entertainment and info-portals and management service providers in the United States and internationally.
	['', 'phone application server', ' ', 'phone portal', ' ', 'phone voice', '']
Get Lower
	Provider of loans, personal credit, banking, real estate, insurance and utility services. The company offers loan products, which include home loans, auto loans and personal loans, personal credit products, including credit cards, credit reports and debt management and banking services, such as checking accounts, saving accounts and bill pay services.
	['', 'loan product', ' ', 'personal credit', ' ', 'internet banking', ' ', 'online payment', '']
RallyCause
	Provider of mobile commerce services by connecting affinity groups to local businesses. The company provides an application which allows people to enroll for a cause and when they shop at participating businesses in the cause, they claim an instant rebate with their smart phones, which enables them to contribute savings to one of the causes featured in the app.
	['', 'mobile commerce', ' ', 'fund raising', '']
Magnet Communications
	Provider of online banking for visionary financial institutions. The company provides retail and commercial Internet banking, electronic bill payment and presentment, e-commerce portal technology, wireless channel delivery, advanced targeted marketing, website development and maintenance, as well as online and call center lending services.
	['', 'online banking', ' e-commerce ', 'call center', ' ', 'virtual banking software products', '']
Generated Systems Technologies
	Provider of e-banking software products for banks and financial institutions. The company provides e-banking software and offers electronic payment softwares designed to address payment needs of corporations and correspondent banks.
	['', 'financial institution', ' ', 'software product', ' ', 'electronic payment', ' ', 'e-banking', '']
Lending Club
	Provider of an online peer-lending service. The company provides a lending marketplace enabling creditworthy borrowers to apply for loans, financed in turn by investors on the site building their portfolios.
	['', 'personal loan', ' ', 'loan investment', ' ', 'loan application', ' ', 'loan platform', '']
Access National Bank
	Provides banking and financial services to emerging businesses. The company offers business banking services, including deposit products, such as checking, savings and treasury management, lending products that include loans and lines of credit and treasury management services.
	['', 'financial service', ' ', 'treasury management service', ' ', 'business banking service', '']
Carolina Alliance Bank
	Operator of a bank. The company caters in the financial industry and provides business and personal banking products and services as well as wealth management services.
	['', 'online banking', ' ', 'commercial services', ' ', 'banking business', '']
