Advasense Technologies
	Developer of image sensor technologies. The company offers technologies used in improving the image quality of cameras used in mobile applications.
	['', 'CMOS image sensor', ' CMOS ', 'image sensor', '']
Foveon
	Developer of an image sensor technology for digital capture products. The company offers pixel image sensors; and direct image sensors that captures color in three layers. It also serves prosumer, amateur and consumer markets and its core product is Foveon X3 which is a direct image sensor.
	['', 'image sensor technology', ' pixel ', 'digital capture', ' camera']
Picasa
	Provider of image organizer and image viewer or organizing and editing digital photos.
	['', 'image organizer', ' ', 'image viewer', ' ', 'digital photo editing', ' ', 'photo editing', ' ', 'digital photos', ' ', 'multimedia organization', ' ', 'online images', ' multimedia']
Imagelock
	Provider of web-enabled digital image asset monitoring services. The company provides protection and management services and provides customers with instant access to information about the use and misuse of their digital image assets on the internet.
	['', 'monitoring service', ' ', 'security service', ' ', 'digital image security', ' ', 'digital asset protection', '']
BioArray Solutions
	Developer of a technology for rapid biomolecular analysis that combines microparticle chemistry, semiconductor physics and image analysis. The company\'s BeadChip products and systems for molecular immunohematology are used in pre-transfusion characterization of recipients and donors of blood transfusions in hospitals and donor centers.
	['', 'biomolecular analysis', ' ', 'pre-transfusion characterization', ' ', 'blood transfusions', ' ', 'image analysis', ' developer']
UltraVisual Medical Systems
	Developer of medical image distribution and visualization software. The company offers visualization technologies for use in primary diagnosis, clinical review and image distribution applications in hospitals, imaging centers and private radiology practices with comprehensive image management needs.
	['', 'medical image distribution', ' ', 'medical image', ' ', 'visualization software', '']
Neocleus
	Developer of endpoint visualization technology for enterprise IT departments. The company offers NeoSphere, an extensible client virtualization platform that ties existing PC management systems with advanced visualization technology.
	['', 'visualization technology', ' ', 'client visualization platform', ' ', 'enterprise information', '']
Voxar
	Developer of medical imaging software. The company develops a visualization and display platform for life-critical applications which allow medical experts to view images in clear and in 3 dimensional.
	['', 'medical imaging', ' visualization ', '3 dimensional view', '']
Siimpel
	Provider of optical micro systems solutions. The company offers Autofocus that corrects for variations in the distance to the object and variations in the lens with temperature; and Shutter that corrects for image distortion and/or blurring when objects are moving, as well as enables dark image subtraction for picture quality in low light conditions.
	['', 'optical microsystems solution', ' ', 'MEMS sensor', ' ', 'MEMS platform technology', ' ', 'digital imaging', ' ', 'integrated micro-optical system', '']
Flashfoto
	Developer of image workflow automation and other multimedia software. The company specializes in services including image workflow automation, entertainment, advertising, marketing and transmedia experiences.
	['', 'image workflow automation', ' ', 'multimedia software', ' ', 'media application', '']
