SiteScape
	Provider of Web-based business collaboration software and services. The company provides integrated Web based team collaboration and conferencing solutions for communication and program management of teams in business, government, and military organizations. Its solutions include calendar and meeting management, knowledge networks, partner management, program management, HR management, grants management, continuity of operations, bond offer management, and telework.
	['', 'business collaboration', ' ', 'conferencing solution', ' ', 'program management', ' ', 'meeting management', ' ', 'knowledge network', ' ', 'partner management', '']
LiveLoop
	Developer of PowerPoint collaboration software. The company provides a platform that enables collaboration on PowerPoint presentations without requiring the PowerPoint software to be downloaded.
	['', 'document collaboration', ' ', 'document sharing software', ' ', 'cloud-based software', ' powerpoint']
Imidio
	Developer of internet communication software for audio and Web conferencing. The company offers products such as Instant Collaborators that enables teleconferencing, Web conferencing, instant messaging, data sharing, and application sharing.
	['', 'communication software', ' ', 'web conferencing', ' ', 'instant messaging', ' ', 'data sharing', ' ', 'application sharing', '']
Quindi
	Developer of collaboration software allowing professionals and organizations to capture spoken information for easy recall and sharing.
	['', 'collaboration software', ' ', 'project management', ' ', 'product development', ' ', 'information sharing', '']
netDialog
	Developer of collaboration software for electronic commerce allowing for network based collaboration, communications, and interaction between vendors and customers. The company works on Online Customer Management Software (iCare System) that leverages the Internet as a two-way communications medium to improve customer satisfaction, increase customer retention and reduce operational and IT deployment costs.
	['', 'ecommerce', ' ', 'online customer management', '']
Meetings.io
	Provider of group video conferencing and chat services. The company provide web application for chat with friends, co-worker without installing any software or signup with any social network.
	['', 'group video conferencing', ' ', 'chat service', ' ', 'online video', '']
Proximity (Vermont)
	Provider of video conferencing services and public video room rentals. The company also provides audio conferencing and Web conferencing services. The company serves businesses, state and federal government agencies, non-profit organizations, executive search firms, consultants, lawyers, accountants, and HR professionals.
	['', 'conferencing services', '']
Marratech
	Developer of collaboration and communication software. The company offers e-meeting, video conferencing and collaboration software.
	['', 'video conferencing', ' ', 'voice over Internet', ' ', 'collaboration tool', '']
Margi Systems
	Provider of multimedia products for mobile systems. The company develops products in the areas of video capture, TV capture, video conferencing, DVD decoding, DVD authoring, personal video headsets and display adapters.
	['', 'multimedia product', ' ', 'video capture', ' ', 'personal video headset', ' ', 'sound peripherals', ' ', 'electronic parts', '']
