Microgon
	Manufacturer of biotechnological separation, filtration and OEM medical devices. The company produces hollow-fiber membrane filters for use in research laboratories.
	['', 'laboratory products', ' filtration ', 'medical devices', '']
NYX
	Provider of oil and natural gas. The company specializes in the exploration and development of fossil fuel reserves.
	['', 'oil and natural gas exploration', ' ', 'fossil fuel reserves', '']
Equipamientos Europeos 2005
	Manufacturer of commercial vehicles with energy-saving technologies. The company develops and commercializes medium-tonnage trucks for a variety of applications, including firefighting, military operations, forestry and waste collection. Among the company\'s products is a line of vehicles propelled by compressed natural gas (CNG).
	['', 'industrial transportation', ' ', 'pollution', ' ', 'industrial vehicles', '']
fluXXion
	Manufacturer of micro filtration membrane products. The company offers filter stack sub assemblies, an integrated dynamic cross flow pulsing system for bulk micro filtration applications and small wafer membrane segments for analytical test applications.
	['', 'micro filtration', ' ', 'industrial supply', ' filter']
Oxford Medical Diagnostics
	Developer of advanced proprietary methods of gas analysis. The company\'s technologies are used to analyse gases in industrial settings and also for diagnosing conditions such as stomach ulcers.
	['gas analysis ', 'stomach ulcers', ' ', 'clinical diagnosis', '']
ChemConnect
	Provider of an electronic marketplace platform for trading midstream energy, feedstocks, chemicals and related products. The company’s products include natural gas liquids, refined and intermediate fuel products, aromatics, olefins, and commodity polymers. It also offers supply chain solutions, such as negotiation solutions and collaboration hubs.
	['', 'online market', ' ', 'online trading', ' ', 'supply chain', '']
Gulf Coast LNG Partners
	Developer of liquefied natural gas receiving, storage and re-gasification facility. The company\'s core project is Calhoun LNG, a liquefied natural gas (LNG) receiving, storage and regasification terminal.
	['', 'natural gas storage', ' ', 'regasification terminal', ' liquefied']
PoroGen
	Manufacturer of chemical and temperature resistant porous polymeric membranes. The company manufactures polymeric membranes for a range of nanofiltration, microfiltration, gas separation and gas transfer applications, including methane recovery and biofuels processing.
	['', 'polymeric membrane', ' nanofiltration microfiltration ', 'gas separation', ' ', 'methane recovery', ' ', 'biofuel processing', ' membrane']
AppliedSensor
	Manufacturer of semiconductor based gas sensor elements and modules. The company manufactures chemical gas sensors for appliance, automotive, building, consumer and industrial applications.
	['', 'gas sensor', ' ', 'chemical gas sensor', ' ', 'chemical sensor component', '']
Investigacion Criogenia y Gas
	Operator of gas transformation plants. The company engages in transport processes handling, storage and regasification of liquid natural gas for use in commercial and industrial consumption. The company also constructs gas transformation plants.
	['', 'gas plants', ' ', 'processes handling', ' regasification storage ', 'gas transformation', '']
Vaperma
	Manufacturer of gas separation systems for energy and industrial applications. The company specializes in the development, manufacture, and commercialization of hollow fiber polymeric Siftek membrane allowing high selective separation of water from various gas mixtures and organic vapors. Its membrane systems are used for dewatering and dehydration of fuel ethanol, chemicals, and natural gas; fuel-grade ethanol production and natural gas and biogas treatment applications.
	['', 'gas separation system', ' ', 'membrane system', ' ', 'gas separation', '']
