myWealth.com
	Provider of control over investors portfolios by mastering the fundamentals of key markets. The company provides finance courses, investing courses and online investment classes. Its courses cover essentials of currency, stock and ETF trading, as well as portfolio management.
	['', 'investor portfolio', ' ', 'online finance course', ' ', 'online investing course', '']
Koor Industries
	Investor of companies in agrochemicals, finance, telecommunications and asset management sectors. The company actively invests in agrochemicals through Makhteshim Agan Industries, in finance through Credit Suisse, in telecommunications and technology through its holdings in Microwave Networks, in asset management through Epsilon Investment House and in venture capital through Koor Corporate Venture Capital.
	['', 'holding company', ' ', 'investing company', '']
HelloWallet
	Provider of online financial advisory services. The company helps workers to manage their overall household finances by finding the money to boost their contributions to retirement savings and reduce debt.
	['', 'financial advice', ' ', 'financial guidance', ' ', 'personal finance management', ' ', 'household finance', ' ', 'retirement saving', '']
Venture Alliance
	Provider of seed capital and start-up executive management to commercialize technologies developed at national laboratories and other research institutions. The company has provided investments for the development of medical diagnostic devices, predictive maintenance hardware/software, restaurant software and electroless nickel plating technology.
	['', 'seed capital', ' ', 'start-up finance', ' ', 'commercialize technology', ' investment']
Notiva
	Provider of solutions needed for transaction and financial settlement by purchasers and suppliers. The company provides cash transaction management solutions for manufacturers and retailers.
	['', 'e- finance', ' ', 'financial transactions', ' ', 'invoicing payment', ' ', 'trade settlements', '']
Smartfundit
	Provider of financial products to technology buyers and sellers. The company provides asset finance, technology finance, venture capital finance, enterprise finance, public sector finance and online registration services.
	['', 'financial product', ' ', 'asset finance', ' ', 'venture capital finance', '']
Elevator Labs
	Provider of finance, technical and strategic guidance to start-ups.
	['', 'finance guide', ' ', 'business finance', '  ', 'strategic guidance', '']
LearnVest
	Provider of interactive and educational articles and personal finance information on the web. The company provides checklists, financial tools, a set of financial basics and access to a collaborative community. It creates content based upon personal relevance, personal finance education and investing and savings trends.
	['', 'personal finance', ' ', 'educational article', ' ', 'personal finance education', ' ', 'financial tool', '']
eDEV
	Developer of drug. The company operates as a structured finance portfolio company developing an approved drug for three additional follow-on indications in collaboration with a pharmaceutical partner. eDev is a special purpose vehicle that has entered into an R&D project financing relationship with an undisclosed pharma company to finance multiple Phase 3 clinical trials for additional indications of an already-approved drug.
	['', 'Drug Developer', ' ', 'Finance Portfolio', '']
Rupeetalk.com
	Provider of personal finance portal. The company acts as a intermediary portal that provides personal finance product.
	['', 'personal finance portal', ' ', 'intermediary portal', ' ', 'personal finance product', '']
