Aduva
	Developer of software applications for maintaining Linux computer systems. The company\'s product, Aduva OnStage, is a life-cycle management application which is used to detect, analyze, and resolve any deviation, conflicts or drift from compliance. The application ensures security and system compliance in supporting the build, test, stage, deployment, and production stages.
	['', 'software application', ' ', 'Linux computer systems', ' ', 'system maintenance', ' ', 'system compliance', '']
Carefx
	Provider of information technology solutions to the healthcare organizations in North America and Europe. The company offers Fusionfx suite of interoperable workflow and analytics solutions that streamlines clinical and business workflow, as well as connects care providers to the information they need; and business intelligence dashboards to support accountability and transparency of operations.
	['', 'information technology', ' fxCollaboration']
PowerInbox
	Developer of e-mail application platform. The company enables users to run applications from inside their e-mail messages. Its open app platform enables developers to create apps that run on e-mail using HTML5.
	['', 'email application', ' ', 'create application', ' ', 'open platform', ' ', 'application platform', '']
Fincentric
	Provider of retail banking and customer value management software to the financial services industry. The company\'s technology and services solutions help financial institutions automate key business processes. It serves customers in North America, Latin and Central America, and Europe.
	['', 'customer value management', ' ', 'retail banking', ' ', 'financial service', '']
Outbox
	Provider of an online service that digitizes postal mail and makes it available online and on mobile devices. The company collects and manages postal mail on users\' behalf, discarding junk mail and enabling users to organize, prioritize or unsubscribe on any piece of mail.
	['', 'mail interception', ' email ', 'post office', ' ', 'digital mailbox', ' ', 'snail mail', ' ', 'digital mail', ' mailbox']
Cabrellis Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of therapies for the treatment of cancer. The company\'s product includes synthetic anthracycline drug for small cell and nonsmall cell lung cancers in Japan. It also has drug commercialization rights in North America and Europe.
	['', 'cancer treatment', ' ', 'lung cancer treatment', ' ', 'drug commercialization', '']
Hotmail
	Provider of Web-based e-mail services. The company electronic mail being accessible via the internet enables Hotmail users to conduct e-mail correspondence from anywhere.
	['', 'e-mail services', ' web']
Postini
	Provider of on-demand communications security, compliance, and productivity solutions for email, instant messaging (IM), and the Web in North America and Europe. The company offers e-mail system administration applications and software for redirecting e-mail to wireless devices.
	['', 'communication security', ' ', 'productivity solution', ' ', 'reporting solution', ' ', 'professional service', '']
Blackspider Technologies
	Provider of managed e-mail security solutions. The company\'s security solutions delivers e-mail content filtering services to organizations, enabling them to block the spam and e-mail borne computer viruses before they enter company networks.
	['', 'e-mail security solutions', ' ', 'e-mail content filtering services', ' ', 'blocking viruses and spams', ' ', 'web security', ' ', 'managed security services', '']
Banter
	Provider of communication technologies. The company provides technology designed to interpret unstructured text communication, like e mail, web form submissions, instant messaging and service inquiries.
	['', 'communication technology', ' ', 'text communication', ' ', 'instant messaging', '']
PTS Messaging
	Provider of Internet call waiting and voice mail services. The company\'s services includes caller ID, personal greetings, call screening, call answer, call forwarding, voice mail and e-mail or phone-message retrieval.
	['', 'voicemail', ' ', 'call screening', ' ', 'software services', '']
