KinetX IP (software assets and a specialized business unit)
	Provider of space systems engineering, software engineering, hardware engineering, project management, space navigation, flight dynamics and satellite operations services. The company is an innovative engineering, technology, software development and business consulting firm providing complete systems solutions.
	['', 'software engineering', '']
Factory Logic
	Supplier of software for lean scheduling and supply synchronization. The company provides manufacturing and supply chain management solutions to the automotive, electronics, industrial equipment and aerospace industries.
	['', 'management solutions', ' ', 'lean scheduling', ' ', 'supply synchronization', '']
McKinstry Essention
	Provider of offers online facilities management solutions.
	['', 'application service', ' ', 'facility management', ' ', 'property management', '']
Catalytic Software
	Provider of offshore software product engineering services. The company offers technology services, such as application development, web enablement, product engineering, testing, managed programs and website designing.
	['', 'product engineering', ' ', 'software engineering', ' ', 'website design', ' ', 'web development', ' ', 'software testing', '']
Sentient Health
	Provider of a platform with software and services for optimizing inventory management of consumable medical supplies. The company offers MedTrac software to automate supply chain management of consumable medical supplies, such as stents, syringes and gloves.
	['', 'patient safety', ' ', 'patient care', ' ', 'inventory management', ' ', 'medical supply', '']
Res-Q Healthcare Systems
	Provider of staffing and scheduling software for hospitals. The company provide Web-enabled software application that provides department-wide tracking of workload volumes and performance indicators; and Staffing Simulation Screen that compares staff requirements and available personnel by skill level to simulate staffing scenarios for making decisions.
	['', 'staffing software', ' ', 'scheduling software', ' ', 'software application', ' ', 'performance indicator', '']
Rofous Software
	Provider of product engineering and content engineering services. The company offers enterprise application solutions, training and staffing services, application development services, custom software development, enterprise solutions, supply chain management solutions and customer relationship management solutions.
	['', 'enterprise solutions', ' ', 'management solutions', ' ', 'custom software development', '']
E Team
	Provider of professional services and information management solutions. The company also provides services, such as assessments, pre-implementation prep, life-cycle implementations, post implementation support, mentoring/training, project insourcing, contingency staffing, human capital hiring, and contract to hire. In addition, it offers services, which include industry/technology advisory, projects services, project insourcing, component outsourcing, contingency staffing, customized training, human capital hiring, and contract to hire.
	['', 'professional service', ' ', 'information management solution', ' ', 'project insourcing', ' ', 'contingency staffing', '']
Notiva
	Provider of solutions needed for transaction and financial settlement by purchasers and suppliers. The company provides cash transaction management solutions for manufacturers and retailers.
	['', 'e- finance', ' ', 'financial transactions', ' ', 'invoicing payment', ' ', 'trade settlements', '']
Extensity
	Provider of financial and operational solutions. The company operates in two segments, Enterprise Application Systems and Industry Specific Applications. It also resells computer hardware and software, and provides various professional services, including application hosting, consulting, implementation services, and training.
	['', 'enterprise application systems', ' ', 'application hosting', ' ', 'IT implementation', '']
Quickcomm Software Solutions
	Provider of telecom and mobility management solutions for multinational enterprises, integrators, outsourcers and carriers. The company offers Enterprise Telecommunications Expense Management Solution that provides automatic reconciliation of telecom bills down the line-item level.
	['', 'mobility management', ' ', 'telecom management', ' ', 'telecom infrastructure', '']
Luovaliike
	Provider of software-engineering services in Finland. The company provides custom software technologies and network systems for its clients, and is the creator of an online platform for home-health nursing services.
	['', 'care service', ' ', 'healthcare service', ' ', 'mobile application', '']
DownstreamEnergy.com
	Provider of solutions for supply chain management. The company provides software programs that manages flow of information between suppliers and marketers. The company mainly focuses on customer management.
	['', 'supply chain', ' ', 'information flow', '']
Terracotta
	Developer of software products for enterprise application scalability, availability, and performance optimization. The company’s products include Enterprise Ehcache, a solution for optimizing enterprise application scale and performance.
	['', 'software product', ' ', 'java application', ' ', 'java scalability', ' ', 'performance optimization', '']
Harman International Industries
	Harman International Industries Inc was incorporated in 1980. The Company is engaged in the design and engineering of connected products and solutions for automakers, consumers and enterprises, including audio systems, visual products, enterprise automation solutions and connected services. Its manufacturing facilities are located in North America, Europe, Asia and South America. Its manufacturing facilities for its Infotainment segment are located in Hungary, Mexico, China, India, Brazil and the U.S. These facilities are used to manufacture infotainment systems. Its manufacturing facilities for its Lifestyle segment are located in Hungary, Mexico, China, India and the U.S. These facilities are used to manufacture its car audio systems. In North America, its principal Professional segment\'s manufacturing facilities are located in Mexico for loudspeakers, in Indiana for electronic products including amplifiers and effects devices, and in Washington for video and control products. Its Professional segment\'s electronics manufacturing in Europe includes mixing consoles in the United Kingdom, lighting solutions in Denmark and microphones and headphones in Austria. Its Professional segment\'s electronics manufacturing in Brazil includes electronic loudspeakers, amplifiers and other components. Its Professional segment\'s manufacturing in China includes audio electronics and loudspeakers. It sells its infotainment systems directly to automobile manufacturers in the U.S., Europe, Japan, South Korea, China and India, where it is installed as original equipment. It sells its Lifestyle car audio systems directly to automobile manufacturers in the U.S., Europe, India, Japan, China and South Korea. It sells its audio products to dealers via manufacturer\'s representatives. Services segment is a provider of product engineering outsourcing services with software development and market analytics services groups located in India, Russia and the Ukraine. It has 2,281 trademark registrations and 360 pending trademark applications. The Company is subject to various Federal, state, local and international environmental laws and regulations, including those governing the use, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials and, increasingly, the recycling of its products and their packaging.
	['', 'audio products', ' ', 'electronic systems', ' ', 'consumer durables', '']
Ideaca Knowledge Services
	Provider of management consulting, advisory, implementation and support services. The company offers enterprise resource planning (ERP) solutions implementation, business intelligence, portals and collaboration, cloud computing, custom development and integration, customer relationship management (CRM) solutions implementation, application infrastructure and support services.
	['', 'enterprise resource planning', ' ', 'portals and collaboration', ' ', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'application infrastructure', '']
Tangerine Technologies
	Provider and developer of software applications for the custom design and procurement of products and services in multiple vertical markets. The company develops connectors that integrate its systems with a customer\'s procurement management to allow supply chain visualization.
	['', 'procurement management', ' ', 'supply chain', ' ', 'custom design', '']
R4 Global Solutions
	Provider of EPC-class RFID technology solutions to clients in the retail, consumer packaged goods, manufacturing and pharmaceutical industries. The company offers evaluation, implementation, integration and support of RFID and RFID-related technologies. It also provides supply chain solutions.
	['', 'radio-frequency identification', ' ', 'electronic code', ' ', 'electronic device', ' ', 'supply chain', '']
Unsubscribe
	Provider of solutions for unsubscribing from mailing lists. The company\'s solutions monitor and update its system to stop unwanted emails.
	['', 'email solution', ' ', 'email tool', ' ', 'unwanted email solution', ' ', 'online platform', '']
BlueRoads
	Provider of innovative indirect channel sales strategies for technology based companies. The company offers enterprise partner opportunity management software solutions for the manufacturers of technology products and services that sell through the reseller channels. It offers deal registration, lead management, renewal management, account registration, and lead referral management solutions.
	['channel ', 'channel efficiency', ' technology']
NCompass Labs
	Provider of enterprise web content management solutions. The company develops NCompass Resolution, the enterprise-strength web content management system for the microsoft platform.
	['', 'Web content management system', ' resolution']
Pavilion Technologies
	Provider of a model-based software for the manufacturing industry. The company offers advanced process control, production optimization and environmental compliance solutions to a wide range of industries globally. The company provides technology solutions and real-time environmental management solutions through its software platform, Pavilion8.
	['', 'environmental services', ' ', 'modular software', ' ', 'optimization services', '']
