Pictos Technologies
	Provider of semiconductor and imaging products. The company designs, manufactures and markets digital imaging semiconductor products for digital camera and mobile imaging appliance markets.
	['', 'imaging products', ' ', 'digital imaging', ' ', 'digital images', '']
Eyesquad
	Developer of an imaging technology. The company engages in the design and development of digital auto-focus and optical zoom systems for camera phones and other electronic products.
	['imaging ', 'auto-focus', ' ', 'lens module', '']
Visual Sciences
	Developer of imaging informatics. The company utilizes imaging technologies and analytics to create integrated information management technology products and services that address problems in healthcare and homeland security for corporations and governmental agencies. Its product suite integrates, streamlines, and distributes business and clinical information and images across the enterprise.
	['', 'imaging informatic', ' ', 'imaging technology', ' ', 'integrated information management', ' ', 'clinical information', ' ', 'image management', ' ', 'Internet Software', '']
Pure Digital Technologies
	Developer of digital imaging solutions for the mass market. The company offers one-time-use digital cameras and video camcorders, as well as point and shoot camcorders.
	['', 'flip video', ' ', 'digital camcorder', ' ', 'digital camera', ' ', 'video camcorder', ' ', 'flip camera', ' ', 'digital imaging', '']
Scalado
	Operator of a mobile imaging company. The company develops software for creating, presenting and transferring image-based digital information.
	['', 'mobile imaging', ' ', 'digital information', ' ', 'still imaging', '']
Sierra Imaging
	Developer of a digital image management platform. The company provides digital camera components, embedded imaging chips, firmware and imaging application software.
	['', 'digital image platform', ' ', 'embedded imaging chip', ' firmware']
Tripath Technology
	Provider of semiconductor products and services. The company provides digital power processing provisions for a variety of applications in the computer, consumer audio and communications markets.
	['', 'audio amplifiers', ' ', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'automotive audio', '']
iKoa Corporation
	Provider of semiconductor products for consumer mobile devices in the mobile communications, entertainment, and personal computer markets. The company involves in developing disruptive semiconductor array technology.
	['', 'semiconductor product', ' ', 'mobile device', ' ', 'mobile communication', ' ', 'semiconductor array technology', '']
Elcom Technologies
	Manufacturer of dielectric resonance oscillators. The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets RF and microwave modules and sub-systems for commercial and defense applications.
	['', 'electrical equipment', ' ', 'dielectric resonance oscillator', ' ', 'radio frequency modules', '']
RealTimeImage
	Developer of robust web-based imaging products and services for Healthcare. The company provides a platform for e-commerce between commercial print companies and their customers and companies and advertising agencies.
	['', 'imaging products', ' ', 'graphic arts', ' e-commerce radiology orthopaedics']
Kirtas Technologies
	Provider of digital scanning services. The company has developed a digital imaging technology that automates the scanning of bound documents. The company also provides BookScan editor software for individual and batch processing of page capture and indexing.
	['', 'digital scanning', ' ', 'imaging technology', ' ', 'bound documents', ' ', 'BookScan editor', ' indexing ', 'batch processing', '']
IPIX
	Provider of imaging solutions for commerce, communication, and security applications in the United States and internationally. The company\'s solutions create, process, and manage various media, including still images, 360 by 360 degree immersive images, and video. It offers cameras kits, software tools, services, infrastructure, and training to support immersive imaging. It operates in two segments, Immersive Video Products and Immersive Still Photography Products.
	['', 'commerce imaging solution', ' ', 'security application', ' ', 'still image', ' ', 'still photography', '']
OrthoScan
	Provider of orthopedic imaging devices. The company produces medical devices that are used in the imaging of extremities in orthopedic surgery and for digital diagnostic imaging in the office.
	['', 'orthopedic imaging', ' ', 'orthopedic surgery', ' ', 'orthopedic device', '']
Pix.com
	Retailer of digital imaging products. The company sells online gift items personalized with digital images.
	['', 'digital imaging', ' ', 'online gifts', ' graphics ', 'picture gifts', '']
