Cedar Point Communications
	Provider of integrated voice over Internet protocol and multimedia switching technologies for the service provider and enterprise telecommunication industries. The company\'s products include SAFARI C3, a media switching system, which delivers Internet protocol multimedia subsystem (IMS) capabilities that support the anticipated migration to IMS architecture for converged networks; and SAFARI eMG, a media gateway that delivers flexibility. It also also provides training, customer, and solution services. Cedar Point Communications serves information technology departments and network operators, cable operators and telecommunications carriers, and enterprise customers and educational institutions.
	['', 'voice over Internet protocol', ' ', 'switching technology', ' ', 'switching system', '']
Zhone Technologies
	Designer, developer and manufacturer of telecommunications equipment. The company provides international clients in the single line multi-service (SLMS) architecture business the ability to provide voice and video over internet protocol (VoIP).
	['', 'telecommunications equipment', ' ', 'single line multi-service', ' ', 'voice over internet protocol', '']
EGT
	Manufacturer of digital video signal processing equipment for television distribution over cable, satellite, and Internet protocol television networks. The company offers encoder solutions for delivering various channels with quality picture, head end micro solutions, a multi-channel edge encoder used for insertion of local channels in MDUs and closed community markets.
	['', 'digital video', ' ', 'video processing equipment', ' ', 'redundancy solution', ' ', 'encoder solution', '']
Genesis Networks
	Provider of global video transmission services over fiber and satellite that leverage the cost and integration advantages of internet protocol (IP) technology. The company offers quality of service (QoS) parameters for video-over-IP  proprietary software system to give customers control of the network themselves.
	['', 'video transmission', ' ', 'internet protocol', '']
Inuk Networks
	Developer of broadcasting platform. The company develops and delivers a platform for the distribution of broadcast quality televison and carrier-class telephony over closed internet protocol based networks.
	['', 'broadcasting platform', ' ', 'internet platform', ' ', 'distribution platform', '']
Northchurch Communications
	Developer of a service router for the creation of customized internet protocol services. The company provides next-generation edge access platforms for delivering IP-based services.
	['', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'service router', ' ', 'networking service', '']
Jacked
	Provider of internet protocol-based media interactivity solutions for television programming.
	['', 'customizable real-time dashboard', ' ', 'media interactivity solution', '']
CopperCom
	Provider of switching solutions for independent operating companies, competitive local exchange carriers and Internet service providers. The company makes software-based switches or softswitches and other products that enable advanced services such as voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP).
	['', 'switching solution', ' ', 'internet service providers', ' ', 'software-based switches', ' softswitches ', 'voice over internet protocol', '']
SmartLink
	Developer of integrated silicon. The company develops integrated silicon products for voice over internet protocol communications.
	['', 'broadband modem', ' ', 'Embedded fax', ' ', 'Embedded modem', ' ', 'Connectivity Product', '']
Netscalibur Italia
	Provider of internet protocol managed services to businesses and corporations. The company provides broadband connectivity, hosting and other value added services such as VPN, security, outsourcing and messaging to businesses and corporations.
	['', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'connectivity service', ' ', 'hosting service', '']
Globecomm Network Services
	Provider of internet connectivity services. The company designs internet protocol based networks. Its products are used in video broadcast, voice over Internet protocol and satellite-based applications.
	['', 'video broadcast', ' satellite ', 'internet connectivity', '']
TradingCom
	Operator and provider of telecommunications and internet services. The company providers telecommunications networking and Internet Protocol carrier platform.
	['', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'bandwidth service', ' ', 'internet service', '']
Sofratev
	Provider of audio, video and broadcast solutions for Hz, Satellite and web customers.
	['audio, video, broadcast, satellite, web']
