Qumu (acquired 2011)
	Provider of appliances, hosted solutions, and enterprise video communications software.
	['enterprise video webcast ', 'hosted solution', '']
Rofous Software
	Provider of product engineering and content engineering services. The company offers enterprise application solutions, training and staffing services, application development services, custom software development, enterprise solutions, supply chain management solutions and customer relationship management solutions.
	['', 'enterprise solutions', ' ', 'management solutions', ' ', 'custom software development', '']
E-glue Software Technologies
	Provider of real-time customer interaction management solutions. The company specialized in providing Real-Time Decisioning and Agent Guidance Solutions. The company offers InterAct suite, which performs information extraction from data source; InterAct executive suite, which enables users to set and communicate interaction management objectives based on business strategies; InterAct supervisor suite, which provides a view of interaction management performance from shift to shift; InterAct business expert suite, which is designed for the trained system user, and used to edit and input business rules to the system; and InterAct designer suite, which is used to create the base-level instructions for the decision engine.
	['', 'Customer Interaction Management Solutions', ' ', 'Agent Guidance Solutions', ' ', 'Call Center', '']
Luovaliike
	Provider of software-engineering services in Finland. The company provides custom software technologies and network systems for its clients, and is the creator of an online platform for home-health nursing services.
	['', 'care service', ' ', 'healthcare service', ' ', 'mobile application', '']
Hewlett-Packard
	HP Inc, formerly Hewlett-Packard Company was incorporated in 1947 under the laws of the State of California as the successor to a partnership founded in 1939 by William R. Hewlett and David Packard. Effective in May 1998, it changed its state of incorporation from California to Delaware. The Company is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) and large enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company\'s offerings span multi-vendor customer services, including infrastructure technology and business process outsourcing, technology support and maintenance, application development and support services & consulting and integration services; enterprise information technology infrastructure, including enterprise storage and server technology, networking products and resources, and software that optimizes business technology investments, personal computing and other access devices and imaging and printing-related products and services. It has seven business segments for financial reporting purposes: Services, Enterprise Storage and Servers, HP Software, the Personal Systems Group (PSG), the Imaging and Printing Group (IPG), HP Financial Services (HPFS), and Corporate Investments. The HP Enterprise Business provides servers, storage, software and information technology (IT) services that enable enterprise and midmarket business customers to manage their current IT environments and transform IT into a business enabler. HP Software is a provider of enterprise and service-provider software and services. PSG is a provider of personal computers (PCs) in the world such as Commercial PCs, consumer PCs, workstations and handheld computing. IPG is the imaging and printing systems provider in the world for consumer and commercial printer hardware, printing supplies, printing media and scanning devices such as Laserjet, managed enterprise solutions, graphics solutions include large format printing, large format supplies, webpress supplies, Indigo printing, inkjet high speed production solutions. HPFS supports and enhances HP\'s product and service solutions, providing a broad range of value-added financial life-cycle management services. The group offers leasing, financing, utility programs and asset recovery services, as well as financial asset management services for large enterprise customers. Corporate Investments includes Hewlett-Packard Laboratories, also known as HP Labs, network infrastructure products, mobile devices associated with the Palm acquisition, and certain business incubation projects. Revenue in this segment is attributable to the sale of certain network infrastructure products, including Ethernet switch products that enhance computing and enterprise solutions under the ProCurve, 3Com and TippingPoint brands.The Company depends on third party suppliers. The distribution is organized by direct and channel. The Company\'s operations are subject to regulation under various federal, state, local and foreign laws concerning the environment, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated sites. HP recognizes revenue sales arrangement exists, delivery have occurred or services are rendered, the sales price or fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The company also recognizes hardware revenue on sales to channel partners, including resellers, distributors or value-added solution providers at the time of sale when the channel partners have economic substance apart from HP and HP has completed its obligations related to the sale.
	['']
BlueRoads
	Provider of innovative indirect channel sales strategies for technology based companies. The company offers enterprise partner opportunity management software solutions for the manufacturers of technology products and services that sell through the reseller channels. It offers deal registration, lead management, renewal management, account registration, and lead referral management solutions.
	['channel ', 'channel efficiency', ' technology']
iRadius
	Developer of custom software applications. The company develops a comprehensive platform that supports a family\'s digital communications and household needs.
	['', 'custom software application', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'Household software', '']
Pavilion Technologies
	Provider of a model-based software for the manufacturing industry. The company offers advanced process control, production optimization and environmental compliance solutions to a wide range of industries globally. The company provides technology solutions and real-time environmental management solutions through its software platform, Pavilion8.
	['', 'environmental services', ' ', 'modular software', ' ', 'optimization services', '']
