Cardonet
	Provider of master data management and product information management solutions for manufacturers and distributors in various industries. The company offers Synergy, a suite of enterprise software for the creation, management, synchronization and distribution of electronic product information inside companies and between trading partners.
	['', 'data management', ' ', 'enterprise software', '']
Scope e-Knowledge Center
	Provider of remote knowledge services. The company offers master data management services, including domain expertise, customer data integration, assisted automation software and workflow process.
	['', 'remote knowledge', ' ', 'master data management', ' ', 'automation software', '']
Exeros
	Operator of a data relationship discovery and management company. The company offers solutions for data integration projects, including data migration, sensitive data governance, master data management, and ETL migration.
	['', 'data relationship discovery', ' ', 'data integration', ' ', 'data migration', '']
Efficient Market Services
	Provider of store-specific information services to supermarket retailers, consumer packaged goods manufacturers, distributors and brokers. The company\'s software-based services transform basic product movement data into demand data with the integration of store-level consumer activity.
	['', 'store-specific solutions', ' ', 'software-based solutions', ' ', 'demand data', ' ', 'integration of store-level consumer activity', ' supermarket']
Knowlix
	Developer of knowledge tools software. The company develops knowledge tools for integration into the existing workflow of internal help desks and customer support centers.
	['knowledge tool ', 'customer support', '']
Human Inference
	Provider of data management services. The company provides data management services for customer databases. It offers human inference to address data life cycle and also provides customer data services.
	['', 'data management', ' ', 'human inference', ' ', 'customer database', '']
Striva
	Provider of data integration services. The company offers detail, infrastructure software, which combines native database access with agent-based technology platforms.
	['', 'data integration service', ' ', 'infrastructure software', ' ', 'native database access', ' ', 'technology platform', '']
Ready Business System
	Provider of computer data management services. The company provides information system management services and design & integration of web and e-commerce software for businesses.
	['', 'data management service', ' ', 'information system management', ' ', 'web integration', ' ', 'e-commerce software', '']
Initiate Systems
	Provider of master data management software services for organizations. The company offers customer data integration and enterprise master person index software to financial service providers, information exchange, hospitality, manufacturing and retail industries.
	['', 'data management', ' ', 'financial service', ' ', 'healthcare provider', ' ', 'retail industry', ' ', 'delivery network', '']
Flashfoto
	Developer of image workflow automation and other multimedia software. The company specializes in services including image workflow automation, entertainment, advertising, marketing and transmedia experiences.
	['', 'image workflow automation', ' ', 'multimedia software', ' ', 'media application', '']
Evident Software
	Operator of a data relationship discovery and management company. The company offers services for data integration projects, including data migration, sensitive data governance, master data management and ETL migration.
	['', 'data migration', ' ', 'data relationship discovery', ' ', 'data lineage', '']
Clear Technology
	Provider of task and process automation services.
	['', 'process automation', ' ', 'task automation', '']
