SpearCast
	Developer of web data extraction and data aggregation tools. The company offers a technology that is capable of automatically locating, extracting, merging and converting hundreds of millions of data points across various online sources and creating a standardized business profile which includes address and customer reviews, online ad spend and online visibility on search engines and all relevant sites.
	['', 'data aggregation', ' ', 'web data', ' ', 'data extraction', '']
Servicesoft
	Developer of a customer support software. The company offers an online software that enables its customers to obtain requested information facilitating e-commerce services, processing transactions and resolving problems within customer support.
	['', 'internet customer service', ' ', 'customer service solution', ' ', 'customer service', '']
Eventioz
	Provider of online ticket sales and services. The company offers an online ticket platform for clients to promote and market events.
	['', 'event marketing', ' ', 'event promotion', ' ', 'ticket sales', ' ', 'event ticketing', ' ', 'ticket services', ' ', 'ticket marketing', ' tickets']
US Interactive
	Developer of internet-centric customer management services. The company is a software and services organization that develops and deploys internet-centric customer management services for communications and next generation service providers.
	['', 'customer management service', ' ', 'software service', ' ', 'internet-centric service', ' ', 'communication service provider', '']
NetMed
	Provider of online health and medical information.
	['', 'healthcare information', ' ', 'medical information', '']
QualityHealth
	Provider of online customer acquisition platform to the healthcare market. The company caters to pharmaceutical, biotech, consumer products, and health and wellness sectors. The company provides information on allergies, arthritis, asthma, diabetes, eating and nutrition, sleep management, autism, cancer, epilepsy, flu treatment and others.
	['', 'healthcare information', ' ', 'customer acquisition', ' ', 'manage health', '']
Inkiru
	Developer of predictive intelligence platform. The company\'s technology provides safer and profitable commerce experience to customer. The company\'s predictive platform reduces fraud, increases profit and improves customer segmentation.
	['', 'predictive intelligence', ' profit ', 'customer segmentation', ' ', 'profitable commerce experience', ' ', 'big data challenges', '']
Lottay
	Provider of online gifting solutions.
	['', 'online gift', ' ', 'personalized message', ' ', 'personalized gift', '']
Synapse Group
	Provider of proprietary customer acquisition and management services for publishers of consumer magazines. The company provides services to publishers in driving magazine circulation and increasing the value of magazine customer relationships.
	['', 'consumer magazine', ' ', 'customer acquisition', ' ', 'affinity marketing', '']
WizBill
	Provider of an expert system for the telecommunication industry. The company offers a platform for billing and addresses issues such as customer acquisition, customer retention and pricing optimization leading to improved customer satisfaction.
	['', 'saving advisory', ' ', 'customer acquisition', ' ', 'pricing optimization', '']
Listening Company
	Provider of outsourced customer communication services. The company specializes in telemarketing solutions which includes managing customer interaction ranging from customer acquisition to retention, renewal and growth, including advice and services.
	['', 'telemarketing solutions', ' ', 'outsourced customer communication services', ' ', 'BPO services', ' ', 'managing customer interaction', '']
Crowd Muscle
	Provider of collaborative approach to market research and customer intelligence. The company uses a collection of rich analytic capabilities and provides a multi-dimensional understanding of a customer base, therefore helping the clients to take tactical and strategic decisions. The company also provides hard metrics that enable improvements in customer engagement and customer service.
	['', 'customer base', ' ', 'market research', ' ', 'crowd integration', '']
Andera
	Provider of online customer acquisition services to financial institutions. The offers a suite of products and services for online account opening, funding and crossselling.
	['', 'online account', ' ', 'financial service', ' ', 'funding information', '']
netDialog
	Developer of collaboration software for electronic commerce allowing for network based collaboration, communications, and interaction between vendors and customers. The company works on Online Customer Management Software (iCare System) that leverages the Internet as a two-way communications medium to improve customer satisfaction, increase customer retention and reduce operational and IT deployment costs.
	['', 'ecommerce', ' ', 'online customer management', '']
TeaLeaf Technology
	Provider of online customer experience management services. The company offers a datastore of online customer information.
	['', 'customer experience', ' ', 'customer information', ' ', 'customer issue', '']
Genesis Teleserv
	Provider of integrated customer contact services. The company also integrates information management systems.
	['', 'integrated customer contact', ' ', 'information management system', ' telesale']
Xchange
	Provider of relevant, personalized customer communications. The company provides eCRM software and services that enables clients to customize offers based on profile information, synchronize offers across all customer channels in real-time, and track the responses.
	['', 'customer communication', ' CRM']
Purisma
	Provider of solutions- driven data management platform and software for enterprises. The company provides online customer registry system that connects enterprise applications, databases and external data sources.
	['', 'data integration software', ' ', 'data management platform', '']
