Pertinence
	Provider of predictive, rules-based data-mining solutions. The company provides Enterprise Manufacturing Intelligence (EMI) software solutions and analytical solutions that enable manufacturers, operators, and maintenance organizations to meet their business goals while addressing inherent industry challenges and realizing unprecedented ROI.
	['data ', 'enterprise manufacturing', ' ', 'artificial intelligence', ' ', 'analytical solution', '']
ProClarity
	Provider of business intelligence software and solutions. The company offers an analytic application platform that allows companies to build custom analytic applications. Its software and solutions are used for decision support, data mining, balanced scorecards, and reporting from multiple data sources.
	['', 'business intelligence software', ' ', 'analytic application platform', ' ', 'data mining', '']
Net.Genesis
	Provider of software and services that empower companies to understand, optimize and accelerate their online businesses. The company\'s flagship product, net.Analysis, is a Web site analysis solution, offering analytical power, reporting, scalability and enterprise support.
	['', 'online business', ' ', 'enterprise support', ' ', 'website analysis', '']
alma bioinformatics
	Developer of software for information retrieval and analysis of text biomedical data. The company specializes in the research and development of biomedical software. It\'s mission is to provide the life science community with innovative information technologies that enable the search, management and relation of the knowledge available in different sources, facilitating its analysis and comprehension.
	['', 'information retrieval', ' ', 'biomedical data', ' ', 'text mining', '']
Cataphora
	Developer of data mining technologies. The company develops software technologies for finding patterns and anomalies in digital communications.
	['analytics investigation ', 'behavioral modeling', '']
Amiato
	Provider of an immediate A/B testing tool. The company enables users to point their data and to analyze the data.
	['', 'data analysis', ' ', 'computer architecture', ' ', 'database management', '']
Decision Team - Software
	Developer and distributor of data-mining tools for workflow in the oil industry. The company is the provider of intelligent reservoir surveillance software called DECIDE!, which captures, analyzes and transforms historical and real-time production data into actionable operational decisions.
	['', 'data mining', ' ', 'E&P sector', ' ', 'oil industry', ' ', 'real-time data', '']
Vhayu Technologies
	Provider of market data solutions for the capture and analysis of streaming and historical data to financial institutions. The company combines software and hardware to provide advantages to financial firms that are seeking to increase their trading speed.
	['data analysis ', 'data analysis', ' financial ', 'financial data', '']
Indicee
	Provider of a platform that helps business users to organize, analyze and share business data in an online community. The company operates an online application that allows users to merge data from various business systems, reports and spreadsheets, as well as analyze and share that data with co-workers, colleagues and customers in an online environment.
	['', 'business sharing', ' ', 'data analysis', ' ', 'data sharing', ' ', 'data merge', '']
CompanDX
	Developer of in-house data analysis algorithms to identify patterns in healthcare datasets. The company applies its technology to clinical-trial and medical-sample data to find disease markers and help drug developers in creating approved drugs.
	['', 'data analysis', ' ', 'healthcare data', ' ', 'medical sample', ' algorithms SaaS']
StatsMix
	Provider of web-based custom dashboards for aggregating business metrics. The company facilitates users to view, monitor and measure social media, analytics, metrics from various services.
	['', 'customized dashboard', ' ', 'business metric', ' ', 'measure metric', ' ', 'data gathering', ' ', 'data aggregating', ' ', 'data analysis', '']
Anvil
	Provider of data mining, analysis, and visualization services to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. The company has developed a software internally which allows the exploration of large and complex datasets that help the clients in their decision-making process.
	['', 'data exploration', ' ', 'data mining', ' ', 'data visualization', '']
Predictive Edge
	Provider of online retail technology services. The company\'s software platform makes product pricing easy and different to online retailers by applying advanced data mining and artificial intelligence techniques to large bodies of data.
	['', 'data mining', ' ', 'social platform software', ' ', 'artificial intelligence technique', '']
Datahero
	Provider of a platform that helps users to analyze, visualize and understand data. The company offers data analysis tools for users to import internal data, store it in a spreadsheet format, link multiple sources and create data dashboards to track various types of information.
	['', 'data analysis tool', ' ', 'database platform', ' ', 'data dashboard', '']
PharmaDM
	Provider of data analysis software and services. The company offers data analysis, data mining, and text mining software and services for researchers in life sciences, with a focus on drug discovery.
	['', 'data analysis', ' ', 'text mining software', ' ', 'data mining', '']
LightMiner Systems
	Provider of data management systems. The company offers an appliance that is designed by integrating different software and hardware architecture for data analysis.
	['', 'data processing', ' ', 'data management system', ' ', 'hardware architecture', '']
