First Flavor
	Provider of marketing service for brand marketers. The company\'s Peel \'n Taste System integrates with marketing vehicles and programs to sample the flavor of a brand and consumers generating awareness and trials as well as is used in various applications.
	['', 'flavor strips', ' ', 'marketing service', ' ', 'consumers generating awareness', '']
eXstatic Software
	Developer of software for marketing automation and enterprise-wide customer management. The company markets software solutions that enable businesses to plan, create and execute email communications based on customer profiles.
	['', 'emarketing application', ' ', 'customer management', ' ', 'marketing automation', '']
BlackFoot
	Provider of campaign analysis and marketing intelligence management tools.
	['', 'campaign analysis', ' ', 'marketing intelligence', ' ', 'data modeling', '']
Virtugo Software Inc
	Provider of performance and service level management tools for virtual environments.
	['', 'service management', ' ', 'virtual environment', '']
Loopfuse
	Provider of marketing automation software. The company offers OneView, an enterprise marketing automation platform that includes support for various sales and marketing demands, including demand generation, email marketing automation, automated lead nurturing, lead management and scoring, campaign management, website analytics, closed-loop reporting and customer relationship management integration. It also provides technical support, training and consulting services.
	['', 'automated marketing', ' ', 'demand generation', ' ', 'e-mail marketing', '']
Kefta
	Developer and provider of marketing automation software. The company provides a service and technology platform, campaign management tools, marketing expertise, integration and training to enable its clients to plan, create, deploy and track unique revenue-focused marketing programs.
	['', 'marketing software', ' ', 'technology platform', ' ', 'campaign management tools', '']
Resolution
	Provider of e-commerce solutions that offers services like marketing, e-commerce management, logistics and fulfillment, product development and "on demand" manufacturing. The company initially began as a media manufacturing and distribution company. The company offers services that enable clients to enhance their revenues with minimal investments and expertise.
	['', 'e-commerce solution', ' ', 'product development', '']
SG5 Innovation
	Provider of a enterprise marketing automation service. The company offers GoSource technology, which provides private and secure online workspace to a buyer, a group of buyer and preferred suppliers
	['', 'automation service', ' ', 'online workspace', ' ', 'information technology', '']
Yellow Brick Solutions
	Developer of marketing automation software. The company enables medium to large-sized business marketing professionals to communicate with customer over both on-line and off-line medium.
	['', 'marketing automation', ' ', 'data warehousing', ' ', 'database marketing', '']
Bluestreak
	Provider of marketing data services for interactive agencies and advertisers in the United Kingdom and internationally. The company provides The Bluestreak 6.0 platform that delivers the workflow, analysis and optimization for professional marketers, as well as offers an approach for planning and tracking digital marketing efforts in various channels, including display advertisements, search, media/video and email; Ad Manager, a campaign management solution, which organizes work flow to launch, manage and optimize digital marketing campaign; cross-channel performance capturing solutions; campaign performance and user-defined reports and custom marketing dashboard services.
	['', 'marketing data', ' ', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'display advertisement', ' ', 'campaign management', ' ', 'campaign performance', '']
Bigfoot Interactive
	Developer and provider of marketing analytic tools. The company provides market data, market analytic and strategy, social campaign and email plans as marketing tools.
	['']
LOCKON
	Provider of a marketing automation platform. The company engages in planning, development and sales of software for e-commerce and online advertisement.
	['']
