Virtual Computer
	Provider of a platform of PC life cycle management. The company offers NxTop, a client-side virtualization and management server platform, which uses virtualization technology to isolate and manage the main components of a PC independently, including the hardware, operating system, applications and user data.
	['', 'desktop management', ' ', 'laptop management', ' ', 'operating system', '']
SpearCast
	Developer of web data extraction and data aggregation tools. The company offers a technology that is capable of automatically locating, extracting, merging and converting hundreds of millions of data points across various online sources and creating a standardized business profile which includes address and customer reviews, online ad spend and online visibility on search engines and all relevant sites.
	['', 'data aggregation', ' ', 'web data', ' ', 'data extraction', '']
Flytteportalen
	Provider of online address change service. The company also offers a mov- related trade portal where users can get an overview of available services. The company also enables customers to address notification to suppliers and partners and update them with the company\'s new address, billing address, office address and shipping address.
	['address ', 'address notification', ' ', 'advertising service', ' ', 'information service', '']
MarketHome
	Provider of e-mail campaign management services. The company provides traditional retailers with direct marketing software to enhance their customer relations.
	['', 'e-mail campaign', ' ', 'e-mail marketing', ' ', 'direct marketing application', '']
Mimosa Systems
	Provider of immediacy, discovery and continuity for the new generation of critical enterprise information. The company is focused on data management of unstructured and semi-structured information including email, documents and other new data types.
	['', 'critical information', ' ', 'enterprise information', ' ', 'corporate information', '']
Human Inference
	Provider of data management services. The company provides data management services for customer databases. It offers human inference to address data life cycle and also provides customer data services.
	['', 'data management', ' ', 'human inference', ' ', 'customer database', '']
Amiato
	Provider of an immediate A/B testing tool. The company enables users to point their data and to analyze the data.
	['', 'data analysis', ' ', 'computer architecture', ' ', 'database management', '']
US Interactive
	Developer of internet-centric customer management services. The company is a software and services organization that develops and deploys internet-centric customer management services for communications and next generation service providers.
	['', 'customer management service', ' ', 'software service', ' ', 'internet-centric service', ' ', 'communication service provider', '']
Pattern Insight (Log Insight)
	Provider of cloud log analytic platform. The company provides a data management and search platform.
	['', 'log analysis platform', ' ', 'data management', ' ', 'data search', ' ', 'cloud log analysis', ' ', 'big data', '']
BioStorage Technologies
	Provider of sample-management services for the bioscience sector.The company manages the complete life cycle of samples, using a team of global sample experts, temperature-controlled storage facilities and a real-time, Web-based sample intelligence and tracking system. It operates biostorage facilities in the U.S. state of Indiana and Frankfurt, Germany.
	['', 'sample management', ' ', 'cold storage', ' ', 'lab equipment', '']
Target 250
	Provider of performance based outbound sales services to technology and communications companies. The company offers services including appointment setting, account setting profiling, channel enablement, prospecting workshops and data services to technology firms.
	['', 'outbound sales service', ' ', 'technology service', ' ', 'data service', '']
Viathan
	Developer of technology that helps companies manage data. The company\'s storage virtualization software provides data management platforms for use by companies and e-commerce vendors alike.
	['', 'internet application', ' ', 'data storage', ' ', 'database management', '']
Dotomi
	Provider of Internet advertising and media management services. The company\'s full service solutions provide media, data management, campaign management, analytical and technical support.
	['', 'media management', ' ', 'internet advertising', ' ', 'data management', ' ', 'campaign management', '']
MTI Laboratory
	Provider research and development of remote radio head (RRH) technologies for WCDMA/HSDPA and WiMAX/LTE infrastructure products. The company\'s RRH technologies enable the transmission of high output power, which is essential for delivering high data rates and coverage required for mobile TV/video/audio/data-centric 3G data services.
	['', '3G data', ' ', 'remote radio head', ' ', 'wireless internet', ' ', 'power amplifier', '']
Aster Data Systems
	Provider of parallel processing databases for data warehousing and analytics. The company provides analytics, data loading performance, data growth, query performance, administration, scaling solutions, self-management, analytics center, analytic data pipeline discovery, educational, sales engineering, consulting, support, training services.
	['', 'data warehousing', ' ', 'analytics solution', ' ', 'sales engineering', ' ', 'data growth', ' ', 'data warehouse services', '']
EDX Systems
	Provider of automated IT and data services. The company specializes in data converting, testing, automation, construction of processes, reporting and quality control.
	['', 'automation', ' ', 'it service', ' ', 'data convert', ' ', 'data testing', ' ', 'process construct', ' ', 'quality control', ' ', 'data reporting', '']
Synapse Group
	Provider of proprietary customer acquisition and management services for publishers of consumer magazines. The company provides services to publishers in driving magazine circulation and increasing the value of magazine customer relationships.
	['', 'consumer magazine', ' ', 'customer acquisition', ' ', 'affinity marketing', '']
CyberSynchs
	Provider of data synchronization services. The company\'s products provide data backup, data transmission and video streaming over the internet across independent devices and operating systems.
	['', 'data synchronization', ' ', 'video streaming', ' ', 'wireless synchronization', ' ', 'digital content', ' ', 'data transmission', '']
Infochimps
	Provider of data indexing platform. The company develops a cloud based software used for implementing data infrastructure.
	['', 'data indexing', ' ', 'cloud based software', ' ', 'data infrastructure', '']
Business & Decision
	Provider of business intelligence and enterprise performance management services. The company offers RightDelivery Model which helps its clients to leverage its on-shore, near-shore and offshore service centers. They also provide customer relationship management services that help companies manage their customer data and standardize the processes that use this data. They also offer e-business activities like 24/7 online managed services, application hosting and outsourcing in various fields, including e-commerce, e-administration, and e-communication.
	['', 'business intelligence', ' ', 'enterprise performance management', ' ', 'performance management service', ' e-commerce e-business e-communication ', 'application hosting', '']
DataCenter Technologies
	Provider of data management software that helps to migrate and protect data. The company\'s solution enables customers to clasify data, simulate data management operations and copy or move data between storage tiers.
	['', 'data management software', ' ', 'protect data', ' operations']
Dispatch
	Provider of cloud based data management services. The company provides cloud-based file sharing services. It also offers group email addresses for the projects.
	['', 'cloud sharing movement', ' ', 'cloud sharing management', ' ', 'cloud file sharing', ' ', 'file sharing', '']
Systinet
	Provider of service-oriented architecture (SOA) governance and life-cycle management software and services. The company\'s web applications and services platform enables to build and integrate business applications over the internet.
	['', 'service-oriented architecture', ' ', 'life-cycle management', ' ', 'web applications', ' ', 'services platform', ' ', 'business application integration', '']
Digital Motorworks
	Provider of information management services to the retail automotive industry. The company provides the automotive industry with dealership management system (DMS) data and data management solutions for a variety of business initiatives, including parts locators, service marketing programs, service history reports, sales programs, vehicle valuations, customer relationship management, OEM data analytics, consumer-facing website content, and inventory management.
	['', 'automotive industry', ' ', 'information management system', ' ', 'database software', '']
TeaLeaf Technology
	Provider of online customer experience management services. The company offers a datastore of online customer information.
	['', 'customer experience', ' ', 'customer information', ' ', 'customer issue', '']
MetaCarta (Enterprise Group)
	Developer of e-commerce tools and services. The company provides geographic intelligence solutions, map-driven geographic search, geographic referencing and data visualization capabilities.
	['', 'geographic intelligence solutions', ' ', 'geographic search', ' ', 'wireless services', ' ', 'location-based application', '']
Tigerstripe
	Provider of software products and services. The company provides software that helps telecommunications companies to automate and tie together billing, customer management, back office systems and create plug and play interfaces. Its software also facilitates a broadband provider to tie together customer account data with the network capacity.
	['', 'Tigerstripe Workbench', ' ', 'telecommunication software', ' ', 'telecommunication services', ' ', 'business software', '']
TellApart
	Developer of online marketing applications for ecommerce retailers. The company uses personalized retargeting technology to create banner advertisements and offers a platform that helps users to collect and organize cloud based customer data.
	['', 'display advertising', ' ', 'personalized banner', ' ', 'banner advertisement', '']
Purisma
	Provider of solutions- driven data management platform and software for enterprises. The company provides online customer registry system that connects enterprise applications, databases and external data sources.
	['', 'data integration software', ' ', 'data management platform', '']
Memeo
	Provider of data-management services. The company’s cloud-based software enables users to access files, protect and restore data and send large files securely. The product has applications for commercial and home-based users and can be used on mobile devices.
	['', 'database management', ' ', 'data retrieval', ' ', 'restore data', '']
GraphDive
	Provider of a data analytic and personalization platform. The company provides online businesses with integrated social data from platforms such as Facebook to deliver insights into their users\' top interests and key demographic data- age, education, income and relationship status.
	['', 'social data', ' ', 'e-commerce service', ' ', 'e-commerce content', ' API ', 'social API', ' ', 'data analysis', '']
