IHM Services
	Provider of an analytics software for hospitals and healthcare institutions. The company focuses on transforming hospital data into clinical intelligence to help hospitals and healthcare enterprises fully automate the reporting systems, improve performance for other programs and produce predictable medical outcomes.
	['', 'analytic software', ' ', 'hospital data', ' ', 'clinical intelligence', '']
Infineta Systems
	Developer of network optimization products. The company provides Velocity Dedupe Engine, a hardware deduplication/dedupe engine to identify and remove redundancies in network traffic. It also offers wide area network acceleration solutions, such as data protection for synchronous and asynchronous replication, and network backup; virtual machines (VM) mobility for live migration over distance and VM disk transfers; and big data workflows for scale-out applications and file transfers.
	['', 'network optimization', ' ', 'hardware deduplication', ' ', 'data protection', ' ', 'synchronous replication', ' ', 'asynchronous replication', ' ', 'virtual machine mobility', ' ', 'network backup', '']
Stellr
	Provider of data analytics platform. The company develops a suite of software as a service (SaaS) analytics technologies.
	['', 'data analytic', ' ', 'analytic technology', ' ', 'cloud based portal', ' ', 'data analytic portal', '']
Aster Data Systems
	Provider of parallel processing databases for data warehousing and analytics. The company provides analytics, data loading performance, data growth, query performance, administration, scaling solutions, self-management, analytics center, analytic data pipeline discovery, educational, sales engineering, consulting, support, training services.
	['', 'data warehousing', ' ', 'analytics solution', ' ', 'sales engineering', ' ', 'data growth', ' ', 'data warehouse services', '']
ObjectRocket
	Provider of a cloud Database as a Service based on MongoDB database. The company provides open source-based MongoDB system that help users to manage big data.
	['', 'cloud database', ' ', 'database management system', ' ', 'MongoDB database', '']
Metanautix
	Provider of big data analytics software. The company builds big data analytics systems for large enterprises.
	['', 'Big data', ' ', 'analytic service', ' ', 'data analystics system', '']
mbr targeting
	Developer of a targeting technologies for increased relevance of advertising focus and product recommendations. The company has developed an approach that can analyze and structure big data categories without having to make a Prior assumptions or use categories.
	['', 'targeting technology', ' ', 'analysis method', ' ', 'product recommendation', ' ', 'advertising focus', '']
640 Labs
	Developer of an open big data platform for agriculture. The company offers 640 Drive, a device to automatically collect and aggregate agricultural data across farming operations.
	['', 'data aggregation', ' ', 'farming operation', ' ', 'agricultural data', ' ', 'big data platform', '']
ADKU
	Provider of e-commerce big data solutions. The company provides a service that attempts to optimize a person’s shopping experience by providing product suggestions.
	['', 'data solution', ' ', 'personal shopping', '']
RightsCube
	Provider of a data and analytics platform for publishers. The company provides actionable insights, data and feedback to the book publishers about their market, customers and retail partners. It also provides a standardized source for all of the world\'s film and TV rights information.
	['', 'analytics platform', ' ', 'data platform', ' ', 'publishers platform', ' ', 'retailer auditing', ' ', 'film rights information', '']
Application Security
	Provider of database security application. The company develops security software for relational databases and big data stores that helps businesses and government agencies uncover critical configuration mistakes, access control issues, missing patches, or any toxic combination of settings that could lead to denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized data modification and data breaches.
	['', 'database security', ' ', 'compliance solution', ' ', 'vulnerability management', ' ', 'threat management', ' ', 'audit management', ' ', 'database integration', ' ', 'database discovery', '']
Katkar Flink
	Provider of a platform that provides online sale information to customers. The company provides data analytics to help online shoppers discover deals.
	['', 'retailing service', ' ', 'online sale information', ' ', 'data analytics', '']
