Microgon
	Manufacturer of biotechnological separation, filtration and OEM medical devices. The company produces hollow-fiber membrane filters for use in research laboratories.
	['', 'laboratory products', ' filtration ', 'medical devices', '']
Apneon
	Developer of healthcare devices for treating obstructive sleep apnea. The company develops products which diagnose and repair the upper airway and restore patients’ health and quality of life.
	['', 'healthcare devices', ' ', 'obstructive sleep apnea', ' ', 'diagnose and repair the upper airway', '']
NovoGI
	Provider of medical devices for GI disease management. The company\'s clinically proven nitinol technology works with the biological forces of the healing process which enables dynamic compression anastomosis of varying tissue thicknesses for natural healing for various patients undergoing colorectal resection procedures.
	['', 'GI disease management', ' ', 'nitinol technology', ' ', 'colorectal surgery', ' ', 'surgical devices', '']
Spintec Engineering
	Developer of biomedical devices. The company specializes in silk devices with embedded biopharmaceuticals and uses silk platform technology for the development of novel medical devices for wound therapy as well as for applications in dental, maxillofacial and cardiovascular surgery.
	['', 'biomedical devices', ' ', 'silk platform', ' ', 'cardiovascular surgery', '']
Revascular Therapeutic
	Developer of medical devices. The company develops technology for the intravascular treatment of complex lesions and total occlusions.It develops percutaneous medical devices to reopen occluded vessels.
	['', 'medical device', ' ', 'intravascular treatment', ' ', 'complex lesion', ' ', 'occluded vessel', '']
Gynecare
	Developer of medical devices for the treatment of uterine disorders. The company offers devices like ThermaChoice Uterine Balloon Therapy system for treatment of women who experience dysfunctional uterine bleeding. It also offers VersaPoint Bipolar Electrosurgery system to treat women diagnosed with benign uterine pathologies including fibroids, polyps, adhesions and divided septa.
	['', 'uterine disorder', ' ', 'uterine pathology', ' ', 'dysfunctional uterine bleeding', ' uterine fibroid uterus']
Somnus Medical Technologies
	Developer and manufacturer of medical devices. The company\'s medical devices utilize proprietary radiofrequency technology for the management and treatment of upper airway disorders.
	['', 'medical devices', '']
Afferent Corporation
	Developer of medical devices to treat chronic neurological dysfunction. The company\'s lead technology enhances the function of mechanoreceptor cells involved in sensory perception as a means of restoring brain function following stroke, improving elderly balance and addressing complications resulting from diabetic neuropathy.
	['', 'neurological dysfunction', ' ', 'therapy devices', ' ', 'noninvasive devices', ' neuromodulation']
Grandhope Biotech
	Operator of a regenerative medical device company. The company\'s medical devices are used for the treatment of damaged tissue and organs.
	['', 'regenerative implants', ' ', 'repair of damaged tissue', ' ', 'healthcare services', '']
Finnomedo
	Manufacturer of medical products. The company provides medical devices and instruments for use in ambulances and other medical fields. Its products include transparent pressure dressings.
	['', 'medical supplies', ' ', 'bandages', '']
Cartificial
	Operator of an orthopedic medical devices company. The company develops artificial cartilage for prosthetic hips. The company\'s product, Cartificial Hip helps in replacing prostheses with the potential of being inserted during day care surgery.
	['', 'orthopedic company', ' ', 'artificial cartilage', ' ', 'medical devices', ' ', 'surgical devices', ' ', 'surgical implants', '']
Percutaneous Systems
	Developer of medical devices for kidney stone procedures. The company is focused on developing and commercializing devices for the treatment of endourologic kidney stones.
	['', 'endourologic treatment', ' ', 'kidney stone treatment', ' ', 'microcatheter system', '']
Camstar
	Provider of enterprise manufacturing execution and quality systems. The company makes manufacturing execution systems (MES) software for such industries as semiconductors, biotechnology, electronics, medical devices, and outsourced operations.
	['', 'system software', ' ', 'outsourced operation', ' ', 'quality system', '']
Corazon Technologies
	Developer of medical devices. The company develops devices for removing plaque from heart valves and arteries.
	['', 'medical devices', ' plaque ', 'heart valves', '']
Birmont Medical
	Developer of medical devices. The company develops medical device for the continuous real-time monitoring of labor progression, including cervical effacement and dilatation.
	['', 'labor progression', ' ', 'cervical effacement', ' monitoring']
Inova Labs
	Manufacturer of medical devices. The company develops and commercializes innovative products like LifeChoice Activox and Activox DUO2 oxygen concentrators for patients with respiratory illness.
	['', 'therapeutic devices', ' ', 'portable oxygen concentrator', ' ', 'patient care product', '']
STS Biopolymers
	Developer of the bio compatible coatings for medical devices. The company develops the coatings for medical devices including vascular, neurointerventional catheters, dilators, urinary catheter and gastroenteral feeding tubes.
	['', 'bio compatible coating', ' ', 'medical device plaint', ' ', 'paint color', '  pharmaceutical']
MicroMed Cardiovascular
	Supplier of medical devices mainly for cardiac support. The company offers devices that increases the cardiac output of a failing heart and also act as a bridge to human heart transplant and destination therapies.
	['', 'monitoring devices', ' ', 'medical devices', '']
Viridis Diagnostics
	Manufacturer of diagnostic tools and equipments. The company develops real time medical devices for infectious diseases.
	['', 'diagnostic tools', ' ', 'medical devices', ' ', 'diagnostic equipments', '']
