Ion Surgical Technologies
	Developer of medical alternatives to surgical implants. The company is focused on providing surgeons with reproducible alternatives to implants for soft-tissue fixation, through a product line that uses the patient\'s own bone and sutures to maximize healing surfaces, minimize surgical time and provide post-oeprative MRI compatibility.
	['', 'soft tissue fixation', ' injury ', 'transosseous method', ' ', 'minimize surgical time', '']
ConforMIS
	Manufacturer of surgical devices for the treatment of early, moderate and late stage osteoarthritis of the knee. The company designs devices that conform to a patient\'s anatomy to achieve minimally invasive surgery and maximal sparing of bone. It also develops articular repair systems capable of re establishing normal articular alignment and shape in patients with osteoarthritis.
	['', 'knee osteoarthritis', ' ', 'bone sparing', ' ', 'bone surgery', ' ', 'articular alignment', ' ', 'knee surgery', ' ', 'knee replacement', ' ', 'knee implant', ' ', 'orthopedic implant', ' ', 'implant design', '']
Innovasive Devices
	Manufacturer of surgical devices and instrumentation. The company manufactures devices for sports medicine surgeries, which facilitate the repair of soft tissue injuries in the knees and shoulders.
	['', 'sports medicine', ' ', 'soft tissue repair', ' ', 'surgical repair', '']
B1 Medical
	Manufacturer of medical devices for the orthopedics market. The company develops and markets products such as soft tissue monitoring, fracture fixation, IM nail alignment, tissue repair and small joint prosthesis products for trauma fixation in orthopedic fields.
	['', 'orthopedics market', ' ', 'soft tissue monitoring', ' ', 'fracture fixation', ' orthopedic']
Resoimplant
	Provider of orthopedic devices. The company develops, manufactures and markets double shell expansion systems for secure fixation of tendons, ligaments and bone fragments in orthopaedic, trauma and sports medicine applications.
	['', 'resorbable fixations', ' ', 'arthroscopic refixation', ' ', 'healthcare devices', '']
Awenydd Diagnostics
	Provider of personalised medicine to German doctors. The company offers a drug interaction program combining metabolic genotyping which enables physicians to prescribe personalised medicine for their patients.
	['', 'personalised medicine', ' ', 'metabolic genotyping', ' ', 'medicine prescription', ' medication']
ENTrigue Surgical
	Manufacturer of medical devices and instrumentation for the surgical treatment. The company manufactures articulating instruments, septal staplers, MTM middle turbinate Medializer and absorbable polymers.
	['', 'articulating instrument', ' ', 'middle turbinate medializer', ' ', 'absorbable polymer', ' ', 'surgical treatment', '']
Fusion Medical Technologies
	Manufacturer of surgical hemostatic sealant products. The company develops collagen gel-based products which are used to control bleeding during surgeries. The company\'s lead product FloSeal matrix, is a combination of collagen-derived particles and topical thrombin. It controls surgical bleeding and works well on wet, actively bleeding tissue.
	['', 'surgical products', ' ', 'collagen particles', ' ', 'surgical bleeding', '']
