Mahi Networks
	Supplier of optical networking equipment. The company supplies multi-service metro packet switching, TDM grooming and reconfigurable optical transport systems to service provider customers.
	['', 'optical equipment', ' ', 'networking equipment', ' ', 'metro packet switching', '']
RED-C Optical Networking
	Provider of amplifiers and optical monitoring devices for all network segments. The company offers solutions for some of the industry’s technological challenges such as ultra long repeaterless links and 40Gb/s transmission networks.
	['amplifier ', 'optical device', ' ', 'transmission networks', ' ', 'transmission module', '']
Cerent
	Manufacturer of optical transport platform for service provider.
	['', 'optical equipment', ' ', 'optical transport platform', ' ', 'optical network', ' ', 'scalable transport', '']
Tellium
	Provider of core optical switches. The company\' optical switches are installed in the core of telecommunications networks to manage the flow of optical signals, which are beams of light carrying voice, video, and data traffic, transmitted over fiber-optic cables.
	['', 'optical switch', ' ', 'optical signal', ' ', 'fiber-optic cable', '']
CyOptics
	Developer of Indium Phosphide (InP) optical chips and components for integration into access, metro and long-haul communications systems. The company\'s products include planar lightwave circuits (PLCs) for optical networks in telecommunications and defense applications.
	['', 'laser detector', ' ', 'planar lightwave circuit', ' ', 'optical chip', ' ', 'lightwave circuit', ' ', 'optical component', ' ', 'optical product', '']
Mintera
	Provider of high-performance optical transport sub-systems solutions. The company\'s solutions enable deployment of next generation 40 Gbps optical transport in metro-core, regional, long- haul and ultra long-haul optical networks. It primarily serves the carriers, enterprises, educational institutions, and government agencies.
	['', 'transport subsystem', ' ', 'optical network', ' networking ', 'data transmission', ' ', 'fiber optic', '']
ANDevices
	Provider of photonic devices. The company provides photonic devices for FTTH, ROADM and long-haul communication markets. The company\'s products are based on a planar lightwave circuit platform which is ideal for integration of multiple optical functions on a single chip.
	['', 'photonic devices', ' FTTH ', 'Planar Lightwave Circuit', ' chip']
SAP
	The Company develops, markets and sells enterprise application software products for corporations, government agencies and educational institutions.
	['']
Xtera Communications
	Developer of optical, internet protocol performance, and service solutions to terrestrial and sub-sea global service providers. The company’s products include NU-WAVE ES, a scalable optical line system; Nu-Wave CXR system, an OADM transport system to converge metropolitan, regional, long haul and ultra long haul systems into a homogeneous network.
	['', 'IP performance', ' ', 'optical line', ' ', 'homogeneous network', ' ', 'ip service', '']
Avantry
	Provider of broadband wireless optical network services. The company offers transmission product line, ranging from low to high capacity, integrating microwave radio and optical transport systems aimed at carrying flexible combinations of SDH, PDH voice and data and ethernet traffic.
	['', 'transmission product', ' ', 'data transmission', ' ', 'information technology', '']
Power X
	Manufacturer of communications chipsets for the telecommunications industry. The company designs switch fabrics for the routing, switching and optical transport markets.
	['chipsets ', 'switch fabrics', ' ', 'optical transport', '']
Movaz Networks
	Provider of optical solutions in the United States. The company provides next generation all optical solutions for delivery of cost-effective wavelength services. Its products are designed for metro, regional, enterprise and government networks. The products are carrier-class solutions incorporating optical transport, distributed photonic switching, generalized multiprotocol label switching (GMPLS) protocols, and standards-based network management.
	['optical wavelength ', 'photonic switching', ' ', 'network management', ' network photonic']
