Top Ten Media
	Provider of media content on entertainment topics from the Web. The company draws information from blogs, podcasts, video, and media.
	['', 'media content', ' ', 'entertainment content', '']
AdGent Digital
	Provider of audiences via proprietary display, social media and tablet advertising platforms for publishers. The company works in the auto, financial, telco, travel and entertainment sectors to place media on publisher sites across the globe.
	['', 'Online media', ' ', 'proprietary display', ' ', 'Tablet Advertising', '']
Caterva
	Owner and operator of social media data analysis company. The company develops a real-time social-marketing platform. The company\'s recently launched a service called mirror.me which seeks to create interest graphs for people using their online presence and then connect them to others with similar interests.
	['', 'data analysis', ' ', 'social marketing', ' ', 'social media', ' ', 'recommendation engine', '']
Luvocracy
	Creator of an online marketplace and social platform. The company is the creator of a platform enabling users to purchase merchandise that has been recommended through social media, via pins, posts, tweets and shares. The platform’s shopping assistant enables product purchases and users can thank the social-media recommender, who earns rewards for helping. Users also earn rewards when other people buy what they recommend.
	['', 'social marketplace', ' ', 'recommended product', ' ', 'electronic commerce platform', '']
The Niche Project
	Provider of platform for social media management. The company provides tools to manage, monetize and analyze social media accounts and activity.
	['', 'social content', ' ', 'analyze social media', ' ', 'professional portfolio', '']
Opposing Views
	Operator of a social media website. The company provides information on various issues like global warming and religion.
	['', 'social media website', ' ', 'expert answer', ' ', 'experts debate', ' ', 'online news', '']
Swaylo
	Provider of social analytics for things posted, shared and liked on social media networks. The company provides detailed analysis of social graphs, which allow users to track, sway over time and see how it compares to that of friends, family, acquaintances and the general public.
	['', 'social analytics', ' ', 'social media', '']
Indisys
	Developer of Natural Language and Intelligent Conversation service. The company provides natural language and dialog management system that enables functional, social and emotional virtual intelligence, context awareness and flexible, human like conversational abilities. It also provides fully integrated social media and chat offerings.
	['', 'natural language service', ' ', 'dialog management system', ' ', 'emotional virtual intelligence', ' ', 'context awareness', ' ', 'integrated social media', ' ', 'live chat', '']
Engagement Labs
	Developer of computer software. The company operates in the sector of social media business applications in Canada and France. It offers corporations an integrated social media platform that enables issue management, employee engagement, e-learning and open-innovation with internal and external stakeholders.
	['']
SinglePlatform
	Provider of restaurant content to publishers. The company develops a digital portal for local businesses to manage their web presence, integrating their websites and social media.
	['', 'restaurant content', ' ', 'website integration', ' ', 'online marketing tool', '']
Reppler
	Provider of social media monitoring service. The company designs and manage online image across different social networks.
	['', 'media monitoring', ' ', 'image management', ' ', 'image designing', '']
Dinamundo
	Provider of a social check in service that rewards users who check in to other people with jokes and comedy.
	['', 'social content', ' ', 'information application', '']
true[x] media
	Operator of an online advertising network. The company connects people with brands to earn charitable donations using their social media properties. It enables members to complete and share branded activities to earn points, which translate into positive social impact via micro-donations.
	['', 'online advertising network', ' ', 'marketing platform', ' ', 'premium content', '']
FiltrBox
	Provider of social media monitoring platform for marketers, PR professionals, brand managers and customer service teams. The company\'s services include Filtrbox G2 that delivers critical market intelligence to executives, sales professionals, investors, and marketers, as well as discovers new articles in a range of online sources and delivers a daily list of qualified results based on client’s business logic.
	['', 'social media monitoring platform', ' ', 'market monitor', ' ', 'social media monitoring', '']
Storyful
	Operator of news agency of the social media age. The company helps journalists, broadcasters and publishers filter breaking news, trending stories and local sources from the noise of social media. It helps newsrooms and publishers create newswires designed to meet the needs of their target audiences.
	['', 'social news', ' ', 'news agency', ' ', 'social news gathering', ' ', 'news client', '']
OhMyGov
	Provider of a media and public affairs consultancy. The company assist governments and political leaders to communicate via social media.
	['', 'public affair consultancy', ' ', 'media consultancy', ' ', 'social media platform', '']
LookAcross
	Provider of sales productivity software. The company helps in improving connectivity rates on email, phone and social media channels.
	['', 'sales productivity', ' ', 'connectivity rates', ' ', 'productivity software', '']
eThority
	Provider of research and consulting products that allow marketers and publishers to gain consumer insights and market intelligence. The company offers brand and issue monitoring and social media analysis.
	['', 'research product', ' ', 'consulting product', ' ', 'market intelligence', ' ', 'issue monitoring', ' ', 'social media analysis', '']
theAudience
	Provider of social media distribution platform. The company provides content for Twitter, Facebook and other social media outlets that helps brands to connect with online influencers and customers for targeted marketing campaigns.
	['', 'marketing and advertisement', ' ', 'online marketing campaign', ' ', 'digital marketing platform', '']
Exponaute
	Operator of an online platform for information and services on exhibitions in Paris, France, Belgium and Switzerland. The company offers news about exhibitions and museums, photos and video previews, and direct access to purchase tickets and catalogs. Visitors also can register through social media, choose their favorite museums, and create calendars of exhibitions.
	['exhibitions ', 'information service', ' ', 'social platform software', ' ', 'online patform', '']
Teleportd
	Provider of a social media marketing platform. The company provides Nitrogram, a marketing and social engagement platform for brands to leverage their presence and community on Instagram.
	['', 'social media marketing', ' ', 'social engagement platform', ' ', 'brand marketing', '']
StatsMix
	Provider of web-based custom dashboards for aggregating business metrics. The company facilitates users to view, monitor and measure social media, analytics, metrics from various services.
	['', 'customized dashboard', ' ', 'business metric', ' ', 'measure metric', ' ', 'data gathering', ' ', 'data aggregating', ' ', 'data analysis', '']
Modusly
	Provider of tools for extracting social media content. The company operates as a technology consulting firm specializing in web analytics, business intelligence and social media that analyzes and structures information from online sources in real time.
	['', 'software services', '']
SocialExpress
	Provider of social media analytics for data-driven marketers that create interactive reports online and via e-mail. The company allows executives to make better business decisions by helping teams tell stories with their data in minutes.
	['', 'media analytics', ' ', 'interactive reports', ' ', 'data-driven', '']
Optify
	Developer of business to business marketing software. The company offers software as a service that work with search and social media to drive leads for business marketers. It also provides an integrated workflow to focus keywords, links, pages and content, as well as promotes webinars and blogs to using twitter and social media.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'integrated workflow', ' ', 'marketing software', '']
GroSocial
	Creator of social media marketing software that helps enterprises and SMBs expand their brands and find new customers through leading social media sites, including Facebook and Twitter. The company\'s products have helped thousands of businesses worldwide easily and affordably increase their social media presence and influence through effective, customized and targeted online branding, community creation, public relations and other touchpoints focused on converting audience engagement into revenue.
	['', 'social media presence', ' ', 'community creation', ' ', 'online branding', ' ', 'public relation', '']
Thirst Labs
	Provider of a software that enables people to interact and engage with social media. The company provides a platform that sorts and organizes social media, blogs and other online content. It gives users a single interface to track, post and comment on news topics from multiple users and online sources.
	['', 'social interaction', ' ', 'news content', ' ', 'social news', '']
NewsPin
	Provider of a social media publishing platform. The company produces newsfeeds on various topics for users and allows them to share them on social media websites to increase social media presence.
	['', 'online publishing', ' ', 'social media publishing', ' ', 'social content', '']
Oneforty
	Developer of social media management platform, SocialBase and the web’s extensive listing of social media tools. The company develops an online clearinghouse of applications related to Twitter.
	['', 'media management', ' ', 'media tool', ' ', 'social media', ' ', 'online clearinghouse', '']
Habu
	Developer of software plug-in for organizing shopping lists and sharing through social media. The company\'s product is a "Gumhoo" button that plugs into shopping sites, a button that allows users to request feedback from their social network.
	['', 'online shopping', ' ', 'social platform software', ' ', 'shopping lists', '']
SponsorHub
	Provider of a social media measurement tool. The company provides enterprise-grade software tools to help brands measure their most important sports and entertainment campaigns.
	['sponsorship ', 'social-media measurement tool', ' ', 'enterprise-grade software', '']
Wearcast
	Provider of social media company with an e-Commerce business. The company helps music festivals and artists increase revenue by providing them with a way to sell custom apparel online without any risk.
	['', 'internet retail', ' ', 'e-commerce business', '']
Edi.io
	Provider of business services to mitigate corporate exposure and brand risk. The company offers business services that mitigates enterprise and brand risk within social media by filtering the outgoing corporate text engagement before it goes public.
	['', 'corporate exposure', ' ', 'risk mitigation', ' ', 'brand risk', ' ', 'enterprise risk', '']
The Exchange Lab
	Provider of a programmatic digital media marketplace. The company delivers campaigns across digital display, video, social media and mobile channels, evaluating 1 billion daily audience interactions across digital channels and devices.
	['', 'digital media', ' ', 'digital campaign', ' ', 'programmatic media', ' ', 'programmatic buying', '']
RemoTV
	Provider of a personal media publishing platform. The company\'s REMOTV Streaming Server and REMOTV Channels allows people to stream, share and publish their personal media to the web.
	['', 'personal media channel', ' ', 'streaming platform', ' ', 'media share', ' ', 'streaming server', '']
BuzzNumbers
	Provider of a social media monitoring platform. The company provides media monitoring, reporting, coaching and insights to organizations.
	['', 'social media monitoring', ' ', 'media monitoring', ' ', 'media analytics', '']
Circlefive
	Developer of social media platform that allows direct-to-home sales and service companies to \'check in\' at customers’ homes and encourage testimonials from customers as well as referrals. The company allow customers to have more influence with these come-and-go businesses, to promote the good ones and warn others of the bad ones.
	['', 'information services', '']
StudentSN
	Provider of social media platform for Turkish-speaking students. The platform allows students to set up a profile and network with other users.
	['', 'social media platform', ' ', 'student network', ' ', 'student networking', '']
SocialStock
	Provider of a social platform that awards users "shares" for their activities on social media. The company provides a platform that leverages users\' Facebook, Foursquare and Twitter interactions to determine their "social credit score."
	['', 'stock market', ' ', 'market place', ' ', 'online stock', '']
