Lincoln Technologies
	Operator of a software development and consulting company focused on support of the pharmaceutical industry drug development process. The company provides systems and services related to applications in clinical development, pharmacovigilance, electronic data submission, and regulatory review to industry sponsors, and to FDA and other public health agencies.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'safety data mining', ' ', 'database cleaning', '']
Intek Technologies
	Developer of a desktop multimedia conferencing software. The company designs software development tools and programs for server applications development.
	['', 'system management', ' ', 'server applications', ' ', 'desktop multimedia conferencing', ' multimedia']
Attassa
	Provider of a framework and a software development kit (SDK) that allows the rich integration of existing Web applications into Microsoft Windows and Outlook.
	['', 'rich integration', ' ', 'Web applications', ' ', 'Mail application', ' ', 'Webmail server', '']
InitMe
	Provider of software development services. The computer offers adaptive software development, computer repair, collaborative software development and agile software development services.
	['', 'development services', ' ', 'technology companies', ' ', 'computer programing', '']
Lexington Software Associates
	Provider of technology and service solutions for software development and delivery environments. The company provides software consulting services including systems programming, website designing and high level consulting.
	['', 'service solutions', ' ', 'systems management', ' ', 'website designing', '']
Probe
	Provider of e-learning software. The company provides e-learning software to national and international clients. It also offers various services like strategic management consulting, outsourcing and software development.
	['', 'e-learning software', ' ', 'educational software', ' ', 'application software', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'strategic management consulting', '']
Dresden Silicon
	Designer of micro processor chips with low power consumption. The company designs and manufactures chips with low power consumption based on a novel signal processor architecture and integrated hardware and software development environments using rapid design methodology.
	['', 'low power CPU', ' CPU ', 'central processing unit', ' semiconductor']
InsureWorx
	Provides enterprise and tactical software services. The company is an insurance software development company that provides enterprise and tactical software services for workers’ compensation, commercial property, casualty and risk administration organizations.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'insurance software', '']
The Learning Company
	Operator of a software development and sales company.The company operates as a publisher for consumer desktop publishing titles. Its flagship desktop publishing products are The Print Shop and PrintMaster. It operates a retail website offering its own software titles as well as others.
	['', 'convenient software', ' ', 'project templates', ' ', 'consumer products', '']
Tedopres International
	Provider of content management services and software for technical documentation. The company by means of systematic text analysis, efficient visualization, technical illustration and applied information management supports clients in managing all aspects of their information process. The company specializes in controlled authoring, technical translations, technical illustrations and software development.
	['', 'content management', ' ', 'technical documentation', ' ', 'technical translations', '']
EdgeTrade
	Provider of agency only brokerage and software development services. The company also provides services to improve client\'s trading performance, increase productivity, lower explicit and implicit trading costs and maintain anonymity in the markets.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'trading performance', ' ', 'productivity increment', '']
Akimbi Systems
	Developer of infrastructure management services for software development and test organizations. The company offers complex configuration capture-and-restore system, a software development and test infrastructure, which allows software developers and quality assurance engineers to suspend and capture to a shared storage library.
	['', 'infrastructure management service', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'test infrastructure', '']
Wintegra
	Provider of access processing semiconductors and software for telecommunication infrastructure solutions. The company\'s products include access processors; reference boards for software development; and Data Path Software. It offers network processors and production grade software solutions for communication applications, such as DSL; PON; 2G, 3G, and LTE wireless infrastructure; carrier Ethernet; and WiMAX.
	['semiconductor ', 'integrated network processor', ' ', 'access processor', ' ', 'mobile network gear', ' ', 'mobile backhaul', '']
CoderBuddy
	Owner and operator of a platform for software development. The company offers services related to the web based development, testing and deployment of software applications to the cloud.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'software deployment', '']
Catapulse
	Developer of a hosted development service (HDS) for internet software development. The company\'s HDS was a collaborative development platform that included hosted development tools, Web-based collaboration services, and infrastructure for the creation and reuse of intellectual property.
	['', 'internet software development', ' ', 'hosted development service', ' ', 'web-based collaboration', ' ', 'collaborative development platform', '']
Sprockets
	Developer of collaborative software for the marketing and advertising industries. The company provides online project and deadline management for businesses.
	['', 'collaborative software', ' ', 'advertising agency', ' ', 'software developer', '']
Vanceinfo Technologies
	Provider of IT services and offers offshore software development services. The company offers research and development, quality assurance and testing, and custom application development. It also provides enterprise software implementation and maintenance services, specializing in applications from such vendors as Oracle and SAP. Its globalization and localization services include creating versions of software for different languages.
	['', 'IT service', ' ', 'offshore software development', '  ', 'custom application development', ' ', 'enterprise software implementation', ' ', 'software maintenance service', ' ', 'Software quality assurance', ' ', 'software testing', '']
Integrated Chipware
	Developer of software development tools and operating systems. The company provides products that allow teams to manage requirements for products and projects throughout the development lifecycle at an enterprise level.
	['', 'software development tool', ' ', 'operating system', ' ', 'manage projects', '']
Kalistick
	Developer of quality management tool. The company provides its user with a quality management tool to implement best practices from various software development communities into a capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) process.
	['', 'test optimization', ' ', 'agile testing', ' ', 'testing platform', ' ', 'software testing', '']
Hive Media
	Provider of media development services. The company offers media development services, creation of graphic designs, illustrations, concept art and technology consulting.
	['', 'media development service', ' ', 'graphic design', ' ', 'concept art', '']
