Kingdee International Software Group Co.
	Provider of enterprise management software and Internet service in Asia. The company is a provider of middleware, online management and life-cycle e-commerce software, as well as a provider of Internet service in China and the Asia-Pacific region.
	['', 'enterprise management', ' ERP ', 'Enterprise Information System', '']
Ontoprise
	Provider of industry-proven semanticweb infrastructure technologies and products. The company\'s products are used to support dynamic semantic information integration and information management processes at the enterprise level.
	['', 'semanticweb infrastructure', ' ', 'information integration', ' ', 'information management', '']
AdBrite (Certain Intellectual Property Assets)
	Provider of advertising services. The company has video, data management and optimization technology, which is integrated into its various products aimed at performance-driven digital marketers.
	['', 'advertisement service', ' ', 'digital data management', ' ', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'data management', ' data']
Cardonet
	Provider of master data management and product information management solutions for manufacturers and distributors in various industries. The company offers Synergy, a suite of enterprise software for the creation, management, synchronization and distribution of electronic product information inside companies and between trading partners.
	['', 'data management', ' ', 'enterprise software', '']
Mimosa Systems
	Provider of immediacy, discovery and continuity for the new generation of critical enterprise information. The company is focused on data management of unstructured and semi-structured information including email, documents and other new data types.
	['', 'critical information', ' ', 'enterprise information', ' ', 'corporate information', '']
Human Inference
	Provider of data management services. The company provides data management services for customer databases. It offers human inference to address data life cycle and also provides customer data services.
	['', 'data management', ' ', 'human inference', ' ', 'customer database', '']
Volta
	Provider of a call queue management software for businesses. The company allows companies to insert call triggers into their existing crm software where agents can log in and start calling from the browser.
	['', 'call triggers', ' ', 'call queue', ' ', 'call management', '']
Digital Campaigns
	Provider of information management and IP-enabled solutions for political, non-profit and special interest groups. The company offers database-driven information management solutions for campaign management and fundraising management. The company also provides strategic advisory services to the customers in getting advantage out of new digital technologies.
	['ASP', 'information management', ' ', 'digital technologies', 'real-time ePhone', 'telephone-based campaign', '']
Ready Business System
	Provider of computer data management services. The company provides information system management services and design & integration of web and e-commerce software for businesses.
	['', 'data management service', ' ', 'information system management', ' ', 'web integration', ' ', 'e-commerce software', '']
NextPage
	Provider of technological services to businesses to track and manage documents. The company provides services for tracking documents across e-mail, hard drives and servers.
	['', 'information retrieval', ' ', 'data gathering', ' ', 'data management', '']
Mapflow
	Provider of location-aware software to the insurance, transport and location services markets. The company also provides services including focus on insurance, SaaS delivery, data management and customer relationships.
	['', 'enterprise location', ' ', 'broker management', ' ', 'location service', ' ', 'information management', '']
Maestro Commerce
	Provider of an e-commerce software platform. The company is the creator of a hosted suite of software tools enabling companies to operate as online vendors. The software provides users with online storefronts, merchandising, catalogs and inventory control.
	['', 'e-commerce software', ' ', 'scalable application suite', ' ', 'e-business products', ' ', 'application services', ' ', 'application service provider', ' ', 'dot-com companies', '']
Employease
	Provider of employee information management solutions. The company provides Web-based solutions and outsourcing options for HR and benefits professionals.
	['', 'employee information', ' ', 'management solution', ' ', 'web based solution', '']
Quiver
	Developer of information management software. The company offers QKS Classifier, a taxonomy and content categorization platform that combines the technology with human judgment to increase productivity and informed decision-making.
	['', 'information management software', ' productivity ', 'content categorization', ' MIS']
Digital Motorworks
	Provider of information management services to the retail automotive industry. The company provides the automotive industry with dealership management system (DMS) data and data management solutions for a variety of business initiatives, including parts locators, service marketing programs, service history reports, sales programs, vehicle valuations, customer relationship management, OEM data analytics, consumer-facing website content, and inventory management.
	['', 'automotive industry', ' ', 'information management system', ' ', 'database software', '']
Genesis Teleserv
	Provider of integrated customer contact services. The company also integrates information management systems.
	['', 'integrated customer contact', ' ', 'information management system', ' telesale']
Cimail Solutions
	Provider of document archiving services. the company specializes in publishing and integration of software in information management from capture to archiving probative value.
	['', 'document archiving', ' ', 'information management', ' ', 'probative value', '']
Oxford Archdigital
	Provider of information management services to museums, archaeologists, local authorities and other heritage bodies. The company provides information which includes images, spatial data, web pages, electronic documents and structured text.
	['', 'information management', ' ', 'heritage bodies', ' archaeologists']
