Blue Box Group
	Provider of cloud hosting and managed services. The company provides a managed and automated application infrastructure that enables customers to focus their energy on building and improving their web applications.
	['', 'cloud hosting service', ' ', 'application infrastructure', ' ', 'web application', '']
Adept Cloud
	Provider of cloud-based file-sharing and collaboration services. The company is the provider of a cloud-managed, private collaboration service, designed to enable security, control and privacy for enterprise communications on multiple devices.
	['', 'cloud-managed service', ' ', 'collaboration service', ' ', 'internal collaboration', ' ', 'collaboration software', ' ', 'file sharing', ' ', 'file-sharing', '']
Amplidata
	Provider of a cloud-based service provider offering scale-out technology for storage providers. The company offers, AmpliStor an object-based software defined storage system for enterprise, private cloud and hyper scale public cloud implementations.
	['', 'storage infrastructure', ' ', 'storage technology', ' ', 'storage system', '']
RingCentral
	Provider of cloud-based communication technology. The company develops communications systems focused on distributed and mobile workforces, by providing business-class voice, fax and text with one phone system, which can be integrated with other cloud technologies, such as Salesforce, Dropbox and Google.
	['', 'virtual phone', ' ', 'cloud computing', ' ', 'application integration', ' ', 'internet fax', '']
Cypher Genomics
	Provider of cloud-based genomic analytic services. The company develops a proprietary ranking algorithm that is more effective at disease variant identification compared to other methodologies.
	['', 'genomic analysis', ' ', 'proprietary ranking algorithm', ' genomics']
Found Software
	Provider of a file-sharing and collaboration platform. The company allows users to search for, find and discover their files, documents and data across devices and cloud services.
	['', 'file sharing', ' ', 'data search', ' ', 'file discovery', ' ', 'data collaboration', '']
Via Response Technologies
	Provider of cloud-based classroom tools. The company\'s platform leverages mobile smart devices, tablets and enables student-teacher interaction through the cloud.
	['', 'teaching software', ' ', 'cloud software', ' ', 'interaction platform', '']
Dispatch
	Provider of cloud based data management services. The company provides cloud-based file sharing services. It also offers group email addresses for the projects.
	['', 'cloud sharing movement', ' ', 'cloud sharing management', ' ', 'cloud file sharing', ' ', 'file sharing', '']
LiveLOOK
	Provider of cloud based customer collaboration tools. The company has developed a sales and customer service tool that allows company agents to instantly view a customer\'s screen and provides instant screen sharing sessions for online presentations and collaboration.
	['', 'collaboration tool', ' ', 'customer service tool', ' ', 'screen sharing platform', '']
