GrindMedia
	Provider of online action sports and entertainment content. The company provides adventure sports and entertainment content, featuring print, online and event properties through action sports, comedy and custom client web solutions.
	['sports ', 'entertainment content', '']
Zing Systems
	Provider of a mobile entertainment platform and hardware. The company offers platform to listen, bookmark and collect songs from live digital streams. The company offers devices that are able to connect, download, manage and exchange entertainment content directly from the player through WiFi or other wireless protocols, without requiring a PC.
	['', 'mobile media service', ' ', 'wireless content', ' ', 'live internet radio', ' ', 'entertainment platform', '']
Akumiitti
	Developer of mobile entertainment software. The company engages in developing mobile entertainment software products for mobile operators and service providers.
	['', 'mobile entertainment', ' ', 'mobile entertainment software', ' ', 'gaming software', ' ', 'entertainment software', ' ', 'entertainment solution', '']
Player X
	Publisher and distributor of mobile entertainment content. The company publishes game titles and mobile entertainment content onto the mobile operators in the industry and distributes this content across all key global territories.
	['', 'distribution network', ' ', 'mobile content', ' ', 'delivery platform', '']
iTouch
	Provider, marketer and distributor of mobile content and entertainment products and services. The company is a marketer and distributor of mobile content and entertainment products. The company also provides information and messaging services.
	['', 'messaging service', '', 'mobile games', ' mobile']
Stitcher
	Provider of media service that allows audio content to be aggregated, organized and shared on mobile devices. The company provides relevant content in business, sports, politics, entertainment and current events from media industry\'s content providers. It also offers a platform for listening to audio content on-the-go. In addition, the company provides operational setup and maintenance management, custom production or editing services.
	['', 'media service', ' ', 'maintenance management', ' ', 'custom production', ' ', 'editing service', '']
WinStar New Media
	Provider of business and entertainment content. The company produces and markets business information and entertainment content targeting the business, educational and consumer markets.
	['', 'business information', ' ', 'entertainment content', ' ', 'online information', '']
Viva! Vision
	Provider of entertainment content. The company provides slideshows and live videos for entertainment brands, content providers and carriers through a suite of broadcast platforms.
	['slideshows ', 'video on demand', ' ', 'content providers', ' ', 'broadcast platforms', '']
FineMedia
	Operator of a website developer of editorial content in France. The company publishes online editorial content on various issues, such as home, decoration, finance, and health.
	['', 'website developer', ' ', 'editorial content', ' ', 'online publishing', '']
MobileWeaver
	Provider of entertaining software, games and multimedia titles and delivery platform. The company provides a quality content catalog that consists of 20,000 titles from more than 365 international mobile content developers.
	['', 'content catalog', ' ', 'delivery platform', ' ', 'multimedia gaming', '']
Myxer
	Provider of a community-based mobile entertainment website for consumers, content owners and advertisers. The company\'s platform enables advertisers to deliver ad campaigns on the Web.
	['', 'mobile entertainment', ' ', 'mobile community', ' ', 'mobile ad campaigns', ' ', 'multimedia and design', '']
