Intervaluenet
	Provider of Internet-consulting services. The company offers Internet stategies for Web-based businesses.
	['', 'consulting company', ' ', 'strategic consultancy', ' ', 'internet consulting', ' ', 'digital solution', ' ', 'Internet strategy', '']
Macromedia
	Provider of software for designers and developers, business users, and consumer markets. The company\'s products for designers and developers market include Web development tools for creating Internet applications, multimedia and graphics software tools, and server software. These products primarily consist of MX family of products, which provide an integrated solution for building Internet applications that combine the interactivity of multimedia and desktop applications, the multiway communication capabilities of collaborative computing systems, and the deployment characteristics of Web applications.
	['flash multimedia ', 'desktop application', '  ', 'graphics server', '']
Open Mind
	Provider of internet based services. The company provides software services for internet based collaboration.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'internet service', ' ', 'software collaboration', '']
Cloudtop
	Provider of a software-application connection service. The company provides a software platform that enables users to connect, store and process any file from anywhere on the Internet. Users can connect their apps to more than a dozen online services, in 2 lines of code, and the software handles uploading of the files, delivering a short URL to store and to read from.
	['', 'mobile app', ' ', 'cloud service', ' ', 'mobile tool', ' ', 'sync multiple services', '']
Threshold Networks
	Provider of internet-enabled applications to enterprises and service providers. The company\'s products provide enterprises with enhanced network and application performance and improve bandwidth efficiencies by associating acceleration and security policies between the network and the applications.
	['', 'internet enabled application', ' ', 'network applications', ' ', 'internet based applications', ' ', 'network management service', ' ', 'network management', '']
BUYandHOLD Securities
	Provider of an online investing service platform. The company provides an internet based investment brokerage service to retail customers.
	['', 'internet brokerage', ' ', 'internet based brokerage', ' ', 'brokerage service', '']
Tapuz People
	Operator of an internet company. The company specializes in internet eCommerce, media and marketing activities.
	['', 'internet applications', ' ', 'information technology', ' ', 'internet applications', '']
Right Vision
	Provider of internet applications. The company, based in France, provides software based internet applications.
	['', 'internet application', ' ', 'internet software', ' ', 'software application', '']
NexTone Communications
	Provider of software for internet telephone service. The company develops software for use in communications firms to route, manage and control internet telephone calls.
	['', 'internet software', ' ', 'internet telephone', ' ', 'VOIP', '']
Connect (Application Software)
	Provider of comprehensive application software to enable internet-based electronic commerce. The company\'s software applications OrderStream and Purchase Stream allow global companies to automate order capture, improve customer service, streamline distribution and demand chain processes.
	['', 'software application', ' ', 'comprehensive application', ' OrderStream']
Caw Networks
	Developer of real-world capacity assessment products for websites and network devices. The company sells internet-based software which measures the capacity of web sites without having to put the sites under actual user loads.
	['', 'capacity assessment product', ' ', 'internet software', ' ', 'stress testing appliance', '']
7d Software
	Provider of software services. The company engages in the development and marketing of a personalization software which provides internet-based services for its clients.
	['', 'personalization software', ' internet-based ', 'software services', '']
