Sepro Telecom International
	Developer and provider of rating and billing software. The company develops rating and billing software for telecommunications and electronic commerce industries.
	['', 'billing software', ' ', 'electronic commerce', ' rating']
Danyl
	Manufacturer of electronic data collection which input to computerized accounting systems. The company also produces self-service electronic transaction systems with magnetic stripe cards.
	['', 'electronic data collection', ' ', 'electronic transaction', ' ', 'magnetic stripe card', '']
CheckFree
	Provider of electronic commerce services. The company provides electronic billing and electronic statement creation, delivery, payment services and also offers electronic commerce, software and investment services.
	['', 'e-billing', ' ', 'e-commerce', '']
Virtual Purchase Card
	Provider of online payment system. The company also provides virtual card which offers secure electronic identification, authorization, settlement and reporting tool.
	['electronic']
NetBuy
	Provider of e-commerce purchasing services. The company provides services for OEMs, contract manufacturers and electronic manufacturing services whose real-time requirements for electronic components typically include small order, shortage and quick-turn manufacturing.
	['', 'electronic components', ' ', 'purchasing service', ' ', 'contract manufacturers', ' ', 'online purchasing', ' ', 'internet retail', '']
Alpha Mos
	Manufacturer and developer of electronic sensing instruments for analyzing the chemical and sensory properties of products. The company\'s electronic noses measure volatile organic compounds (VOC) and odors, electronic tongues analyze the taste of products, vision analyzers evaluate the color and shape and Gas chromatographs analyze the chemical composition of products and coupled with the odor analysis module, can further qualify odor-related compounds.
	['', 'electronic sensing instrument', ' ', 'electronic nose', ' ', 'electronic equipment', '']
TeleKnowledge Group
	Provider of e-commerce services offering customer care and electronic billing. The company provides content commerce platform for fee based services such as customer service and billing applications.
	['', 'revenue growth', ' billing ', 'electronic billing', '']
VARStreet
	Provider of specialized e-commerce services. The company offers E-Commerce Platform features several modules that include E-Commerce, Quoting, Sourcing, and Marketing.
	['', 'e commerce platform', '']
ShopIgniter
	Provider of electronic commerce software services. The company\'s social performance marketing platform enables digital marketing leaders to reach and convert their social mobile consumers.
	['', 'internet retail', ' ', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'software service', '']
Wolf Medical Systems
	Provider of electronic medical records for physician offices and medical clinics. The company offers cloud-based technology that  provides patient information over wireless and wireline networks. The company\'s practice management solutions include wolf billing, scheduler and workflow.
	['', 'electronic medical records', ' ', 'patient information', ' ', 'wireless and wireline networks', ' ', 'wolf billing', '']
Ciashop
	Provider of e-commerce software services. The company provides services for electronic commerce in the form of SaaS (Software as a Service). It offers SaaS virtual store, hosting, infrastructure and payments gateway services.
	['', 'e-commerce software', ' ', 'virtual store', ' ', 'innovative technology', '']
Profile Systems
	Developer of product data and supply chain management solutions for business-to-business electronic commerce. The company also offers extensive consulting services, including product data cleanup, supplier enablement/assessment, inventory consulting and overall electronic commerce and supply chain scoping projects.
	['e-business ', 'supply chain management', ' SCM']
ShopLocket
	Provider of electronic commerce platform. The company allows users to create single-item storefronts they can embed on any website.
	['', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'link sharing', ' ', 'video embedding', ' ', 'online sale', ' ', 'ecommerce platform', '']
Fiserv
	Provider of information management and electronic commerce systems and services. The company\'s services include transaction processing, electronic bill payment and presentment, business process outsourcing, document distribution services and software development.
	['', 'information management', ' ', 'electronic commerce systems', ' ', 'transaction processing', '']
Mixcommerce
	Provider of e-commerce services for brands. The company focuses on the creation and production of websites for customers and the management of online sales.
	['e-commerce ', 'online sales', ' ', 'online sales', ' e-marketing merchandising']
Securant Technologies
	Developer of software solutions that provide a solid, integrated security infrastructure for electronic commerce. The company\'s software enables companies to easily manage a cohesive security policy required when deploying secure electronic commerce applications on the Web or across an Enterprise.
	['eBusiness ', 'security software', ' ', 'electronic commerce', '']
Wauwaa
	Provider of an online platform for parents to find multimedia content and event-based electronic commerce sales. The company provides a platform which contains a large collection of video interviews with real parents on subjects relating to pregnancy, birth and parenting.
	['', 'multimedia content', ' ', 'electronic commerce sale', ' ', 'content for parent', '']
ThorpeGlen
	Provider of electronic surveillance services. The company provides monitoring and tracking systems, data extraction and analytical services for law enforcement agencies.
	['', 'proactive monitoring', ' ', 'data extraction', ' ', 'homeland security', ' ', 'organized crime', ' faruds']
EC Cubed
	Provider of the application components for the business-to-business electronic commerce marketplace. The company provides the cross-application components platform that allow organizations to build electronic-commerce applications.
	['', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'cross-application', ' ', 'electronic commerce', '']
Printechnologics
	Developer of electronic printed functionalities for the printing industry. The company offers an invisible electronic data tag that transforms paper, cardboard, plastics, films and labels into digital content and enables direct link between online and offline communications.
	['', 'electronic printer', ' ', 'digital content', ' printer']
Connect (Application Software)
	Provider of comprehensive application software to enable internet-based electronic commerce. The company\'s software applications OrderStream and Purchase Stream allow global companies to automate order capture, improve customer service, streamline distribution and demand chain processes.
	['', 'software application', ' ', 'comprehensive application', ' OrderStream']
Tradecom Soluções Empresariais de Comércio Electrónico
	Provider of electronic commerce services. The company offers an platform for business-to-business electronic commerce services to enterprises in Portugal.
	['', 'B2b services', ' ', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'business-to-business e-commerce', '']
Transactiv
	Provider of an on demand commerce services for mid market companies. The company provides tools that allow companies to engage and manage both indirect and direct channels and deliver commerce capabilities and analytics across websites, micro-sites, Facebook, eBay, Amazon and any mobile client.
	['', 'online commerce', ' ', 'on-demand commerce', ' ', 'commerce analytics', '']
