Carefx
	Provider of information technology solutions to the healthcare organizations in North America and Europe. The company offers Fusionfx suite of interoperable workflow and analytics solutions that streamlines clinical and business workflow, as well as connects care providers to the information they need; and business intelligence dashboards to support accountability and transparency of operations.
	['', 'information technology', ' fxCollaboration']
Opscape
	Developer of business intelligence software. The company offers data visualization software that enables user to convert large data into visual representation.
	['', 'key performance indicators', ' ', 'data visualization', ' ', 'data patterns', ' ', 'visualization software', '']
Presstracking
	Provider of a business intelligence tool for companies, institutions and professionals in communication. The company\'s tool provides the department responsible for the implementation of the actions to be gathering, compiling and analyzing diverse sources.
	['', 'business intelligence tool', ' ', 'information gathering', ' ', 'data source analysis', ' ', 'data extraction', '']
YaData
	Provider of analytical software for marketers to micro-segment consumers. The company provides an automated business intelligence tool for self-discovery of customer micro-segments.
	['', 'analytical software', ' ', 'micro-segment consumers', ' ', 'automated technology', ' ', 'self-discovery', ' ', 'business intelligence tool', '']
YellowBrix
	Provider of syndicated news content for portals and intranets. The company offers content analytics solutions that provide insight into market and business intelligence on companies, people, products, topics, brands.
	['', 'syndicated news', ' ', 'news content analytic', ' ', 'content infrastructure service', '']
Celequest
	Provider of operational business intelligence solutions to enterprises. The company provides LAVA, a business intelligence solution that enables companies to provide up-to-the-time-minute business information to operational workers and empowers decision makers to spot emerging trends. It offers its solution as an appliance and as software-as-a-service.
	['', 'operational business intelligence', ' ', 'financial performance management', ' ', 'inventory monitoring', ' ', 'risk mitigation', '']
Change Dynamics
	Provider of software provisions for change management. The company provides software provisions within the IT Infrastructure environment, enabling cost-effective compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley 404 as well as conformity to ITIL guidelines.
	['', 'information technology', ' ', 'lifecycle management', ' ', 'implementation services', '']
Perceptive Pixel
	developer of multi-touch display interfaces and screens. The company\'s products are used in applications, such as information visualization and exploration, digital content creation and storyboarding and ideation, as well as geo-spatial, command and control. It serves markets, including medical imaging, broadcast, defense, energy exploration, business intelligence, geo-intelligence, industrial design, finance, museum exhibition and entertainment.
	['', 'business intelligence', ' ', 'industrial design', ' ', 'geo intelligence', ' ', 'museum exhibition', ' ', 'industrial design', '']
Anodyne Health
	Provider of revenue cycle management software for healthcare providers. The company provides business intelligence software and outsourced billing services to large provider groups and hospital-based physician practices.
	['', 'revenue cycle management', ' ', 'revenue cycle', ' ', 'revenue management software', ' ', 'hospital billing', '']
QueryObject Systems
	Developer and provider of business intelligence software solutions that enable business managers to make strategic decisions, leveraging existing corporate data. The company delivers its products to a variety of industries, including telecommunications, healthcare, and financial services.
	['datamarts economy digital']
Cartesis
	Provider of Business Performance Management (BPM) software. The company provides solutions in the field of financial consolidation and reporting, planning, budgeting and forecasting, management reporting and analysis and comprehensive business performance management.
	['', 'business software', ' ', 'financial software', ' ', 'information delivery', ' ', 'performance management', '']
Sharp Analytics
	Provider of business intelligence technology. The company is the developer of a proprietary marketing dashboard technology, SharpView, designed to provide Fortune 500 marketers and their agencies offline-to-online campaign insights. The company\'s platform uses embedded optimization and modeling to identify key insights within data and to integrate campaign results from disparate systems, analyzing the information against pre-defined campaign goals.
	['', 'business intelligence', ' ', 'marketing dashboard', '']
LifeSpex
	Provider of accurate, rapid, and cost-effective products for the early detection of cancer. The company develops its new products by combining advanced biophotonic and state-of-the-art signal processing technologies.
	['', 'cancer detection', '']
Maximal
	Provider of business intelligence services that enable organizations to discover the knowledge hidden in their data warehouses, gaining competitive edge.
	['knowledge ', 'business intelligence', ' ', 'data warehouse', '']
Balanced Insight
	Provider of business intelligence and information management software and services. The company develops an enterprise software platform that assists customers in establishing a cost-effective platform for delivering enterprise business intelligence and performance management services.
	['', 'cost effective platform', ' ', 'project budgets', ' ', 'performance management', '']
Hewlett-Packard
	HP Inc, formerly Hewlett-Packard Company was incorporated in 1947 under the laws of the State of California as the successor to a partnership founded in 1939 by William R. Hewlett and David Packard. Effective in May 1998, it changed its state of incorporation from California to Delaware. The Company is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) and large enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company\'s offerings span multi-vendor customer services, including infrastructure technology and business process outsourcing, technology support and maintenance, application development and support services & consulting and integration services; enterprise information technology infrastructure, including enterprise storage and server technology, networking products and resources, and software that optimizes business technology investments, personal computing and other access devices and imaging and printing-related products and services. It has seven business segments for financial reporting purposes: Services, Enterprise Storage and Servers, HP Software, the Personal Systems Group (PSG), the Imaging and Printing Group (IPG), HP Financial Services (HPFS), and Corporate Investments. The HP Enterprise Business provides servers, storage, software and information technology (IT) services that enable enterprise and midmarket business customers to manage their current IT environments and transform IT into a business enabler. HP Software is a provider of enterprise and service-provider software and services. PSG is a provider of personal computers (PCs) in the world such as Commercial PCs, consumer PCs, workstations and handheld computing. IPG is the imaging and printing systems provider in the world for consumer and commercial printer hardware, printing supplies, printing media and scanning devices such as Laserjet, managed enterprise solutions, graphics solutions include large format printing, large format supplies, webpress supplies, Indigo printing, inkjet high speed production solutions. HPFS supports and enhances HP\'s product and service solutions, providing a broad range of value-added financial life-cycle management services. The group offers leasing, financing, utility programs and asset recovery services, as well as financial asset management services for large enterprise customers. Corporate Investments includes Hewlett-Packard Laboratories, also known as HP Labs, network infrastructure products, mobile devices associated with the Palm acquisition, and certain business incubation projects. Revenue in this segment is attributable to the sale of certain network infrastructure products, including Ethernet switch products that enhance computing and enterprise solutions under the ProCurve, 3Com and TippingPoint brands.The Company depends on third party suppliers. The distribution is organized by direct and channel. The Company\'s operations are subject to regulation under various federal, state, local and foreign laws concerning the environment, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated sites. HP recognizes revenue sales arrangement exists, delivery have occurred or services are rendered, the sales price or fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The company also recognizes hardware revenue on sales to channel partners, including resellers, distributors or value-added solution providers at the time of sale when the channel partners have economic substance apart from HP and HP has completed its obligations related to the sale.
	['']
Fathom Technology
	Developer of enterprise software components. The company provides enterprise software components on the EJB2 and .NET platforms.
	['', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'software tools', '']
Crystal Decisions
	Provider of a business intelligence software. The company provides business intelligence software and services that enable the use and management of information within and among organizations.
	['', 'software platform', ' ', 'software service', ' ', 'business service', '']
NetQoS
	Developer of network performance management software and services for application delivery across IT networks. The company\'s products include NetQoS Performance Center, SuperAgent, ReporterAnalyzer, NetVoyant, Allocate, and GigaStor, which help IT organizations optimize their network infrastructure to deliver services to end users.
	['', 'network performance management', ' ', 'Information Technology', ' ', 'delivery management solution', '']
Everstream
	Provider of enterprise business software and engineering services. The company offers enterprise software such as Data Suite, which provides architecture for data extraction, transformation, loading and storage of data.
	['', 'cable television operator', ' ', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'productivity software', '']
Image Integration SystIems
	Developer of cost-effective document management services. The company focuses on development, enhancement, maintenance, implementation and support of its docusphere services for accounts payable automation.
	['', 'information technology', ' ', 'automation service', ' ', 'financial service', '']
