Avtre
	Developer and supplier of back-up software for data and related services. The company offers customized data backup to individuals and small and medium-sized businesses. The company\'s product, Lockbee,, is a software that monitors and automatically creates backup data on new and changing directories and files.
	['', 'online backup', ' directories broadband ', 'back-up software', '']
SugarSync
	Provider of cloud file sharing, online Backup & file sync service. The company provides services such as data sync, file sharing and online backup system through its business software for busy professionals and digitally-connected consumers.
	['', 'business service', ' ', 'online backup', ' ', 'folder sharing', '']
Mozy
	Provider of online backup system for Windows and Mac users. The company provides service to up data continuously, manually or schedule updates.
	['', 'online backup', ' ', 'manual backup', ' ', 'backup storage space', ' ', 'remote backup', '']
TweetBackup
	Provider of a Twitter backup service. The company offers an online Twitter backup tool and stores Twitter data online.
	['', 'Twitter back up', ' ', 'Twitter data', ' ', 'Twitter tool', '']
SwapDrive
	Provider of Web-based operating software for online data backup and storage. The company’s services allow customers to remotely backup, store, and access critical information. Its Web-based system delivers technology, user interface, and security for wizard-based installation, automatic backups, data recovery, Web access, file management and service access through the Internet.
	['', 'data backup', ' ', 'data storage', ' ', 'data recovery', '']
Parascale
	Developer of cloud software for servers. The company also provides video-on-demand, document archive, online backup and video surveillance solutions.
	['', 'cloud software', ' ', 'server software', ' ', 'online backup', ' ', 'video surveillance', '']
BackupAgent
	Developer of online backup recovery software. The company\'s software enables its clients to offer a backup service to their customers, as well as enables its clients to make backups over the internet in their backup servers.
	['', 'backup recovery', ' ', 'backup service', ' ', 'online backup', '']
Backupify
	Provider of online data backup services. The company\'s service enable users to protect their pictures, videos, documents and blog posts.
	['', 'online data backup', '  ', 'information management', ' ', 'backup service', '']
Connected Backup
	Provider of an automated computer backup service.  The company offers a remote, automated backup of computers that allows a user to recover files from any location.
	['', 'data storage', ' ', 'data backup', ' ', 'computer backup', '']
InMage Systems
	Developer of disaster recovery (DR) software. The company provides DR-Scout, a CDP-based storage software platform that protects, maintains and accesses data, files, blocks and applications, as well as offers replication, disaster recovery, continuous data and application backup.
	['', 'disaster recovery software', ' ', 'local continuous backup', ' ', 'application backup', ' ', 'data migration', '']
Dmailer
	Provider of portable back up and synchronization software services for a mobile devices. The company provides backup services to mobile device including USB flash drives, memory cards, external hard disk drives, mp3 players, embedded phone memory, SIM cards and flash based memory cards for mobile phones.
	['', 'backup service', ' ', 'portable storage device', ' backup ', 'data backup software', '']
