Nisamest
	Developer and provider of an enterprise resource planning software. The company offers product for financial management, material management, production control and project management.
	['', 'ERP software', ' ', 'enterprise resource planning', ' ', 'financial management', ' ', 'project management', '']
Interactive Advisory Software
	Provider of wealth management software-as-a-service (SaaS) solution for financial advisors and wealth managers. The company offers services like financial planning, portfolio management, customer relationship management, back-office services/reconciliation, rebalancing and trading, client portal and reporting services.
	['', 'Wealth Management Software', ' ', 'Portfolio Management', ' ', 'Financial Planning', ' ', 'Customer Relationship Management', ' ', 'Back Office Services', ' ', 'Client Portals', '']
ProjectPartner.com
	Developer of a project management software. The company offers a software for cost analysis, portfolio management, visual reporting and data organizing.
	['', 'project management', ' ', 'cost analysis', ' ', 'portfolio management', ' ', 'data organizing', '']
Decision Dynamics
	Developer and supplier of project controls and real time operations reporting software solutions for project management decisions. The company\'s project cost management solution provides real-time cost capture, validation, approvals and reporting, asset management and analytics.
	['', 'project controls', ' ', 'project management decisions', ' ', 'cost management solution', ' ', 'real time operations', ' ', 'data capture', ' ', 'business analytics solutions', '']
OpenAir
	Developer of online business management software. The company offers a suite of PSA (professional services automation) services to streamline business administration, enabling organizations to manage projects, accounting, expense reporting and resource allocation.
	['', 'business management software', ' ', 'professional services automation', '']
Pelydryn
	Provider of airborne surveying and hydrographic services. The company\'s services includes project management, bathymetric and environmental surveys in the coastal zone worldwide.
	['hydrographic airborne survey']
Obsorb
	Developer of a project management application. The company offers a software for project management for business organizations.
	['', 'project management', 'documentation', 'decision-making', '']
Change Dynamics
	Provider of software provisions for change management. The company provides software provisions within the IT Infrastructure environment, enabling cost-effective compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley 404 as well as conformity to ITIL guidelines.
	['', 'information technology', ' ', 'lifecycle management', ' ', 'implementation services', '']
Attenex
	Developer of software applications for document-intensive processes in the legal profession. The company’s products and services include Attenex Patterns Suite, which enables identification of relevant content for litigation, investigations and regulatory response projects and Snapshot Review that harnesses the visual discovery and content analysis capabilities of Attenex Patterns software.
	['', 'software application', ' ', 'legal process software', ' ', 'snapshot Review', '']
Fintura
	Operator of a portfolio management company. The company\'s services include leading-edge product development, new account origination, agent issuing and portfolio management.
	['', 'portfolio management', ' ', 'home equity', ' ', 'student loans', '']
Rhapso
	Developer of software services for packaging and printing industries. The company offers software maintenance, server configuration and installation, server software maintenance, onsite training, project management and onsite consulting and parameterization services.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'printing industry', ' ', 'project management', '']
GPS Gesellschaft fur Produktionssysteme
	Developer of systems for automation technology. The company offers system and product development in the fields of service robotics, technology transfer and marketing, project management and controlling.
	['', 'project management', ' robotics ', 'automation technology', '']
Superhuman
	Developer and provider of a software for scheduling and organizing tasks. The company offers SuperCalendar, a planning and organizing application that functions as a personal assistant.
	['', 'scheduling software', ' ', 'personal assistance', ' calender']
Future Point Systems
	Developer of visual information system (VIS) software to government and commercial organizations. The company provides a visual analytics platform that includes visual tools, such as VIS, an information visualization technology that provides data acquisition, information management and analysis capabilities; and XML Engineering Environment, a software solution that enables the development of custom information retrieval and processing. It also provides training, integration, and analysis support services through a network of strategic resellers.
	['', 'visual analytic platform', ' ', 'data acquisition', ' ', 'visual tool', '']
Kluster
	Developer of project collaboration tool. The company provides a technology platform that allows users to collaborate on idea generation, development and execution.
	['', 'project collaboration tools', ' ', 'technology platform', '']
Impress Software
	Developer of software to integrate project-management and geographical-information systems. The company is a provider of packaged integration applications, designed to enable integration of project management and geographical systems into SAP (systems, applications and products in data processing).
	['', 'integration applications', ' geography SAP']
