Aqua Pro Technologies
	Developer of advanced microbial feed additives for aquatic organisms. The company develops probiotic additives for aquatic organisms including different fish species for enhancement of their immune response.
	['', 'microbial feed', ' ', 'probiotic additives', ' ', 'feed additives', ' ', 'feed products', '']
Allergene
	Developer of products for diseases relating to immune system dysfunction. The company provides treatment of diseases that affect the immune system, ranging from allergies to AIDS.
	['nontoxic alternative modification']
BusLogic
	Supplier of Small Computer Systems Interface (SCSI) host adapters and RAID products for desktop PCs and network servers. The company\'s products were used by OEMs, VARs and system integrators.
	['', 'Small Computer Systems Interface', ' RAID server']
Oceana Therapeutics
	Manufacturer of pharmaceuticals for pediatric endocrinology, urology, oncology, gastroenterology, endocrinology, cardiology and acute care. The company’s Solesta is used for the treatment of fecal (bowel) incontinence.
	['', 'pediatric endocrinology', ' ', 'fecal incontinence', '']
Penederm
	Developer of products for the treatment of dermatologic disorders based on its topical delivery technology. The company\'s products are Mentax cream for the treatment of fungal infections of the skin such as athlete\'s foot, ringworm and groin fungus and Avita cream for the treatment of acne.
	['', 'dermatologic disorders', ' Mentax ', 'fungal infections', ' ringworm ', 'anti fungus cream', ' acne']
Imaging Automation
	Developer of technology for document authentication, biometrics and data collection. The company offers products used to authenticate identification documents such as passports, visas, national identification cards and driver\'s licenses. Its products are used in security applications in the government, travel and transportation industries.
	['', 'document authentication application', ' ', 'biometrics application', ' ', 'data collection application', ' ', 'security application', '']
Sequenta
	Developer of clinical diagnostics based on a new platform for understanding immune system status. The company develops new approaches for measuring the variable part of the human genome, the immune cell receptor genes.
	['', 'clinical diagnostic', ' ', 'immune system', ' ', 'human genome', ' ', 'cell receptor', ' ', 'human health', '']
CytoPherx
	Developer of cytopheresis systems for addressing inflammation-based diseases and conditions. The company focuses on acute renal failure, end-stage renal disease, and acute inflammation induced by cardio pulmonary bypass surgery. It develops products based on the configurations of commercially available hollow fiber dialysis filters that are used in a proprietary manner to sequester and deactivate leukocytes in the patient\'s blood system.
	['', 'inflammation-based diseases', ' ', 'cardio pulmonary bypass surgery', ' ', 'Therapeutic Device', '']
Spinwave Systems
	Developer of wireless sensor networks and sensing products. The company\'s products are used to reduce and simplify monitoring and control of commercial and industrial buildings.
	['sensors ', 'wireless transceivers', ' ', 'mesh repeaters', '']
Cellerix
	Developer of medicinal products. The company\'s products are used for the treatment of gastroenterology, dermatology and immune-based diseases.
	['', 'medicinal products', ' ', 'healthcare devices and supplies', ' ', 'life sciences', '']
Phoenix Bioscience
	Provider of MEMS-based technologies for diagnostic applications. The company focuses on developing affordable treatments for immune dysfunctions. The company\'s product drug PBS119 is used for treating HIV virus.
	['', 'diagnostic applications', ' ', 'drug PBS119', ' HIV virus']
Switch Biotech
	Developer of prescription dermatology products. The company screens gene-expression patterns and engages in the development of treatments for various dermatological complaints including psoriasis and atopic dermatitis.
	['', 'skin disease', ' ', 'chronic wound', '  dermatology']
