Virtustream
	Provider of cloud services and infrastructure services. The company provides cloud services, such as guaranteed resources and capacity on demand, secured private, hybrid clouds, custom management portal, network services, multi-tiered solutions, workload management and departmental level billing.
	['', 'strategic planning', ' ', 'cloud consultant', ' ', 'hybrid cloud', '']
dotFX
	Provider of technology to develop, deploy, run, and manage client and desktop software over the Internet. The company\'s proprietary technology provides support for developing, deploying and managing applications for cloud and client.
	['', 'cloud software', ' ', 'proprietary technology', ' ', 'desktop software', '']
CloudLink Technologies
	Provider of cloud security and management services. The company provides a software security appliance that combines cloud infrastructure security and manageability with cloud performance monitoring.
	['', 'cloud computing software', ' ', 'data loss protection', ' ', 'ethernet software product', ' ', 'cloud security', ' ', 'cloud management', ' ', 'cloud software', '']
Parascale
	Developer of cloud software for servers. The company also provides video-on-demand, document archive, online backup and video surveillance solutions.
	['', 'cloud software', ' ', 'server software', ' ', 'online backup', ' ', 'video surveillance', '']
Auxo
	Provider of cloud based software for various business support functions. The company offers white-label cloud service that can be used by its users to outsource and market their business.
	['', 'cloud solution', ' ', 'data storage', ' ', 'IT operation', ' ', 'business support function', '']
SecureInfo
	Provider of cyberspace security. The company provides a cloud-based, online-security platform for government, cloud technology companies and critical-infrastructure industries. Its services  includes cloud security, continuous monitoring and maintaining compliance with the Federal Information Security Management Act.
	['', 'FISMA preparedness assessment', ' ', 'information assurance', ' ', 'accreditation service', ' ', 'threat management', '']
OpenTrust
	Provider of software and cloud security services. The company provides software products to governments, financial institutions, enterprises and citizens for managing digital identities and securing electronic transactions and documents. It provides digital identity such as corporate, citizen, object and cert identity, digital signature and digital transaction for secure exchange of documents and transactions with complete traceability.
	['', 'security software', ' ', 'digital identity', ' ', 'digital signature', ' ', 'cloud security', '']
Sansa Security
	Developer of embedded security services for mobile, storage, automotive, networking, office automation and industrial markets. The company offers a software stack that runs on the device and provides required information from either a sansa cloud service or the clients own cloud service.
	['', 'embedded security', ' ', 'office automation', ' ', 'cloud service', '']
Neohapsis (Acquired by KSR)
	Provider of mobile and cloud security services. The company work with global enterprises to address their constantly evolving information security and compliance challenges.
	['', 'cloud services', ' ', 'business products and services', '']
Hubspan
	Provider of B2B cloud integration service worldwide. The company offers B2B cloud integration platforms to streamline and automate critical business processes, share information across systems and organizations and reduce manual intervention and cut costs. It also provides cloud integration platforms that help companies to exchange electronic documents and real-time messages with partners, customers and suppliers.
	['', 'cloud integration', ' ', 'electronic document', ' ', 'electronic invoice', ' ', 'business intelligence tool', '']
ShieldArc
	Developer of a security platform that monitors cloud applications. The company\'s platform enables enterprises to protect their cloud asset without impacting end-user experience in without involving IT operations. The platform also provides tools for real-time monitoring and remediation.
	['', 'security platform', ' ', 'cloud application', ' ', 'public platform', '']
Appcore
	Provider of local cloud infrastructure for Enterprise Private Clouds and Service Provider Public Clouds. The company provides a converged platform of architecture, automation, administration and appstore designed to be roll-in ready, accelerating the deployment and automating the operations of cloud environments. It simplifies the complexity of cloud technology for data centers, telcos, software vendors and enterprises.
	['', 'cloud infrastructure', ' ', 'enterprise private Cloud', ' ', 'service provider cloud', ' ', 'cloud computing', '']
Cloudsmith
	Provider of services to create and share software from a global cloud of components. The company offers a web service that defines stacks (dependencies) from a cloud of shared packages, extended to include private components. It also allows the users to share and install these stacks wherever they want directly from the cloud.
	['', 'shared package', ' ', 'software sharing service', ' ', 'web service', '']
