Primary Rate
	Producer of computer network products and software. The company develops subsystem products and sells technology licenses worldwide. The company also provides high speed wide area connectivity using standards-based architectures and protocols.
	['connectivity ', 'Frame Relay', ' ', 'leased lines', '']
Efficient Networks
	Developer of high-speed customer premises equipment (CPE) that employs digital subscriber line (DSL) technology. The company\'s products enable applications as high-speed Internet access, secure access to computer networks from remote locations, telecommuting, and extensions of corporate networks to branch offices.
	['', 'high-speed internet', ' ', 'digital subscriber line', ' telecommuting']
Firecomms
	Provider of plastic optical fiber high-speed data networking services. The company develops high-speed light sources in visible range wavelengths.
	['', 'optical fiber', ' ', 'light source', ' ', 'fiber optic', ' transmitters']
Nomadix
	Provider of network devices for nomadic computing and public Internet access. The company offers the Nomadix Service Engine (NSE), which allows venues to deploy high-speed Internet access offering. The company\'s NSE also addresses the key issues of customer acquisition, provisioning, security, and revenue generation faced by public access service operators (PASO), system integrators, venue owners, service providers, hotspot owners, and end users when deploying fixed line and WiFi public access networks.
	['', 'high speed internet', ' ', 'public internet', ' ', 'network device', '']
RAScom
	Provider of remote access servers for organizations that need to deploy network access to telecommuters, contractors, remote office workers and small branch offices. The company is a data communications equipment vendor focused on delivering open systems remote access servers.
	['', 'communications equipment', ' ', 'telecom vendor', '']
Epigram
	Provider of advanced technology and products for high-speed residential networking.
	['', 'residential networking', '']
Avilinks
	Developer of software and technology for the distribution of multimedia services via ADSL and VDSL on the existing telephone network. The company\'s product, AVIcenia, is a multimedia switch which can be installed in a building’s technical control room, on a campus, in the heart of a city or in an operator’s central office. It enables its users to have have access to a variety of services such as video on demand, high-speed internet, television and videoconferencing.
	['', 'multimedia services', ' ', 'telephone network', ' ', 'multimedia switch', ' ', 'high-speed internet', '']
Telogy Networks
	Developer of asymmetric digital subscriber line semiconductors. The company\'s golden gateway software enables its customers to develop connected products that send real-time voice, fax and data over packet networks.
	['', 'Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line', ' semiconductors']
GlooLabs
	Developer of multimedia platform for embedded devices and remote access services. The company\'s technology enables partners to provide next-generation technology for use at home, office and remote locations.
	['multimedia ', 'embedded device', ' ', 'digital technology', '']
New Edge Networks
	Provider of internet access through digital subscriber line (DSL) technology. The company provides DSL connection internet service to residences and businesses in small cities and semi-rural communities, as well as services such as wide area networks, virtual private networks and frame relay.
	['', 'digital subscriber line', ' ', 'internet service', '']
Loran International Technologies
	Operator of a data networking company. The company is a system integrator of high speed networks.
	['', 'data networking', ' ', 'system integrator', ' ', 'internet network', '']
Big Bear Networks
	Developer of interface solutions for networks that operate at 10 Gb/s and higher rates. The company delivers a range of high-speed devices for optical/electrical interface.
	['', 'electrical interface', ' ', 'high-speed device', ' ', 'network interface', ' “optical network”']
Enzymatix
	Developer of applications of high purity enzymes. The company develops enymes for pharmaceutical industries.
	['enzymes ', 'lipase enzymes', '']
LiquidLight
	Developer of intelligent optical networking technology that spans from the core to the edge of the optical network. The company offers robust set of revenue enhancing services, such as high-speed internet access, streaming video and guaranteed performance for hosted applications, to the OSP\'s business customers that sit at the edge of the optical network.
	['', 'optical networking', ' ', 'high-speed internet', ' ', 'video streaming', '']
