NovoGI
	Provider of medical devices for GI disease management. The company\'s clinically proven nitinol technology works with the biological forces of the healing process which enables dynamic compression anastomosis of varying tissue thicknesses for natural healing for various patients undergoing colorectal resection procedures.
	['', 'GI disease management', ' ', 'nitinol technology', ' ', 'colorectal surgery', ' ', 'surgical devices', '']
Spintec Engineering
	Developer of biomedical devices. The company specializes in silk devices with embedded biopharmaceuticals and uses silk platform technology for the development of novel medical devices for wound therapy as well as for applications in dental, maxillofacial and cardiovascular surgery.
	['', 'biomedical devices', ' ', 'silk platform', ' ', 'cardiovascular surgery', '']
Revascular Therapeutic
	Developer of medical devices. The company develops technology for the intravascular treatment of complex lesions and total occlusions.It develops percutaneous medical devices to reopen occluded vessels.
	['', 'medical device', ' ', 'intravascular treatment', ' ', 'complex lesion', ' ', 'occluded vessel', '']
Gynecare
	Developer of medical devices for the treatment of uterine disorders. The company offers devices like ThermaChoice Uterine Balloon Therapy system for treatment of women who experience dysfunctional uterine bleeding. It also offers VersaPoint Bipolar Electrosurgery system to treat women diagnosed with benign uterine pathologies including fibroids, polyps, adhesions and divided septa.
	['', 'uterine disorder', ' ', 'uterine pathology', ' ', 'dysfunctional uterine bleeding', ' uterine fibroid uterus']
Somnus Medical Technologies
	Developer and manufacturer of medical devices. The company\'s medical devices utilize proprietary radiofrequency technology for the management and treatment of upper airway disorders.
	['', 'medical devices', '']
Afferent Corporation
	Developer of medical devices to treat chronic neurological dysfunction. The company\'s lead technology enhances the function of mechanoreceptor cells involved in sensory perception as a means of restoring brain function following stroke, improving elderly balance and addressing complications resulting from diabetic neuropathy.
	['', 'neurological dysfunction', ' ', 'therapy devices', ' ', 'noninvasive devices', ' neuromodulation']
Reflow
	Developer of interventional cardiac devices. The company provides cardiac devices to treat cronic total occlusions.
	['cardiac cronic treat']
Vascular Control Systems
	Developer of medical devices and tools for minimally invasive arterial occlusion. The company  develops medical devices specifically to treat fibroids and to control bleeding in obstetric and gynecologic applications.
	['', 'arterial occlusion', '  Fibroids obstetric gynecology ', 'control bleeding', ' ', 'artery occlusion', ' ', 'minimally-invasive', ' ', 'Haemorrage Postpartum', ' ', 'Obstetric Hemorrage', ' ', 'Acne Control', ' ', 'aphids', '']
Atheromed
	Provider of catheter based medical devices for the treatment of peripheral artery disease (PAD). The system is designed to treat vessel diameters from the small vessels at the ankle up to the larger vessels located above the knee.
	['', 'peripheral arterial disease', ' ', 'atherectomy device', ' ', 'catheter based device', ' peripheral']
Corazon Technologies
	Developer of medical devices. The company develops devices for removing plaque from heart valves and arteries.
	['', 'medical devices', ' plaque ', 'heart valves', '']
Birmont Medical
	Developer of medical devices. The company develops medical device for the continuous real-time monitoring of labor progression, including cervical effacement and dilatation.
	['', 'labor progression', ' ', 'cervical effacement', ' monitoring']
Inova Labs
	Manufacturer of medical devices. The company develops and commercializes innovative products like LifeChoice Activox and Activox DUO2 oxygen concentrators for patients with respiratory illness.
	['', 'therapeutic devices', ' ', 'portable oxygen concentrator', ' ', 'patient care product', '']
STS Biopolymers
	Developer of the bio compatible coatings for medical devices. The company develops the coatings for medical devices including vascular, neurointerventional catheters, dilators, urinary catheter and gastroenteral feeding tubes.
	['', 'bio compatible coating', ' ', 'medical device plaint', ' ', 'paint color', '  pharmaceutical']
Ovalum Vascular
	Developer and provider of medical devices and systems for chronic and acute total occlusions in the coronary and peripheral arteries. The company develops CiTop Guidewire system that provides exclusive access to minimally invasive treatments.
	['', 'surgical device', ' ', 'total occlusion', ' ', 'coronary and peripheral artery', '']
Viridis Diagnostics
	Manufacturer of diagnostic tools and equipments. The company develops real time medical devices for infectious diseases.
	['', 'diagnostic tools', ' ', 'medical devices', ' ', 'diagnostic equipments', '']
IBI Israel Biomedical Innovations
	Developer of surgical products and medical devices. The company develops devices fastens a thin net beneath the organs in a woman’s pelvic area, which have collapsed because of age or childbirth.
	['', 'surgical products', ' ', 'tissue fixation', ' ', 'women organs', '']
