Verrillon
	Manufacturer of specialty optical fibers and components for oil and gas, military, avionics, industrial and communications market. The company offers harsh environment fibers, gyroscope fibers, communications fibers, fiber laser fibers, index multimode optical fibers, avionic cabled fiber, polarization-maintaining fibers and rare-earth doped fibers. It also provides fiber in metal tube, which is the process of encapsulating optical fibers within a hermetically sealed metal tube for protection against the hydrostatic pressures, high temperature effects and corrosive environments associated with down-hole fiber optic sensing applications.
	['', 'optical fiber', ' ', 'gyroscope fiber', ' ', 'communication fiber', ' ', 'fiber laser glass', '']
GWS Photonics
	Developer of tunable components. The company produces tunable components for fiber optic dense wavelength division multiplex systems.
	['', 'fiber optic', ' tunable ', 'laser application', '']
Photonics Applications
	Manufacturer of fiber-optic transmission technology for cable and wireless communications networks. The company also provide design, development and consulting services in fiber-optic transmission technology systems.
	['', 'fiber-optic transmission', ' ', 'wireless communication', ' technology']
Tellium
	Provider of core optical switches. The company\' optical switches are installed in the core of telecommunications networks to manage the flow of optical signals, which are beams of light carrying voice, video, and data traffic, transmitted over fiber-optic cables.
	['', 'optical switch', ' ', 'optical signal', ' ', 'fiber-optic cable', '']
AOFR
	Developer of optical fiber component technology. The company manufactures fiber-optic components.
	['', 'optical fiber', ' ', 'fiber component', ' ', 'fiber technology', '']
NanoOpto
	Manufacturer of integrated modular nano-optic components for optical systems and networks. The company\'s products include IR cut filters, nano-optic isolators, deep ultraviolet polarizers, polarizing beam splitters/combiners, optical isolators, microlens arrays, and WDM filters, as well as waveplates, retarders, and trim retarders. It\'s services include conformal optical coatings by atomic layer deposition, precision coatings by e-beam deposition, precision dicing, and optical design and engineering.
	['', 'nano-optic component', ' ', 'IR cut filter', ' ', 'deep ultraviolet polarizer', ' ', 'conformal optical coating', '']
Xtend Networks
	Provider of hybrid fiber-coaxial network system that helps expand the existing bandwidth by up to 3 GHz.
	['', 'fiber-coaxial systems', ' ', 'network systems', ' ', 'band-width', '']
4industries
	Developer of fiber optic elements for measurements and sensor applications. The company manufactures and sells speed optical analyzer system which is used in manufacturing processes to detect complex material and manufacturing defects without interrupting production.
	['', 'optic element', ' ', 'speed optical', ' ', 'optical analyzer system', '']
FTTH Communications
	Provider of facilities-based fiber optic network. The company provides video, telephone and ultra high-speed internet services to residential customers.
	['', 'fiber optic network', ' ', 'facility network', ' ', 'optic network', '']
LeveLite
	Provider of self-contained level switches. The company provides self-contained level switches as well as electro optic and fiber optic level systems. It also provides optic level systems that can be applied and installed.
	['', 'fiber optic', ' ', 'electronic optic', '']
Allayer Communications
	Developer of optical networking communications chips. The company manufactures silicon solutions for the global network and designs flexible and scalable ICs for optical and ethernet switching applications.
	['', 'optical components', ' ', 'ethernet switch', '']
FASMA Technologies
	Developer of a single-laser system for data transfer sector. The company has developed a single-laser system that compresses a large amount of computer data into one fiber optic with the help of multiple colors.
	['', 'data transfer', ' ', 'single laser system', ' ', 'data compression', ' ', 'fiber optic', '']
