Actions Semiconductor
	A fabless semiconductor company which designs, develops and markets integrated platform solutions, including SoCs, firmware, software development tools and reference designs, for manufacturers of portable media players.
	['']
RMI Corporation
	Operator of a fabless semiconductor company. The company provides power-optimized System-on-a-Chip (SoCs) solutions to high-performance processors for the digital consumer, wireless, networking, security, thin clients, and connected multi-media devices market. It offers XLR Processor Family, a processor solution that enables applications, including integrated security, web services, virtualized storage, and load balancing and server offload, as well as content and application aware, and multi-service routing and switching for various infrastructure equipment and enterprise systems; and XLS Processor Family, a multi-core and multi-threaded XLS Processor family that addresses applications that demand smaller form factor and lower power consumption.
	['', 'fabless semiconductor', ' ', 'semiconductor chips', ' ', 'semiconductor design', '']
RF Magic
	Operator of a fabless semiconductor company. The company is a developer of broadband radio frequency systems-on-a-chip. The company applies RF integrated circuit (IC) design, broadband RF systems, and digital communications systems expertise to the development of a diversified portfolio of patented RFIC technologies.
	['', 'radio frequency', ' ', 'broadband radio', ' RFIC ', 'system on a chip', '']
EqcoLogic
	Owner and operator of a fabless semiconductor company. The company designs and develops equalizer and coaxial transceiver products and technologies.
	['', 'Transceiver circuit', ' ', 'coaxial transceiver product', ' cable']
RF Solutions
	Developer of transceiver products for the broadband wireless access market. The company offers initial standard product design that focused on broadband wireless access.
	['', 'wireless service provider', ' ', 'broadband services', '']
InnoCOMM Wireless
	Developer and manufacturer of fabless semicondutor. The company manufacturer fabless semicondutor and develops highly integrated wireless products.
	['', 'fabless semicondutor', ' ', 'wireless product', ' power']
BeSang
	Provider of semiconductor. The company provides fabless semiconductor focusing on developing proprietary 3D integrated circuit technology.
	['', 'semiconductor', ' ', 'fabless semiconductor', '']
Douro Azul
	Owner and operator of river cruise ships on the Douro River in Portugal. The company provides gym, spa, and other amenities, along with lodging, on their vessels. The company has plans to open a hotel as well.
	['cruise ', 'Cruise ship', ' ', 'cruise vessel', ' ', 'river cruise', ' ', 'luxury cruise', '']
Stream Processors
	Operator of fabless semiconductor company. The company develops stream processing architecture that help industrial companies accelerate time to market for their products, while reducing system development costs.
	['', 'stream processing architecture', ' ', 'cost reduction', ' ', 'fabless semiconductor', ' industry']
Staccato Communications
	Provider of ultra-wideband wireless technology for communication applications. The company is a fabless semiconductor company.
	['', 'wireless technology', ' ', 'communication application', ' ', 'Internet protocol connectivity', '']
WiQuest Communications
	Manufacturer of fabless semiconductors for ultra-wideband technologies. The company designs, develops, and supplies ultrawideband (UWB) solutions to PC, consumer electronics, and mobile systems companies. Its solution portfolio includes silicon, software, and manufacturing designs.
	['semiconductor ', 'fabless semiconductor', ' ', 'ultrawideband technology', ' ', 'consumer electronic', ' ', 'mobile system', ' ', 'manufacturing design', '']
Tropian
	Developer of fabless semiconductors for wireless devices. The company develops complex, wireless communications technology, including multi-mode radio transceiver products for the cellular handset market.
	['', 'wireless communication', ' ', 'fabless semiconductor', ' ', 'wireless devices', '']
