Aristo Technology
	Developer and marketer of design planning and assembly tools for complex IC and system-on-chip (SOC) designs. The company constraint driven planning and implementation tools offer design convergence by incorporating block-level physical information starting at the architectural (pre-RTL) design stage. Aristo serves IC designers from system and semiconductor companies developing high performance, multi-million transistor designs and adopting a hierarchical chip planning and implementation design methodology. Block-based methodologies are essential in designing microprocessors, network processors, 3-D graphics accelerators, DSPs, ASSPs, and complex ASIC designs.
	['', 'IC design', ' ', 'system-on-chip', ' ', 'SOC', ' IC ', 'transistor designs', ' ', 'microprocessor design', ' ', 'network processors', ' ', '3-D graphics accelerators', ' ', 'ASIC designs', '']
AudioAsics
	Developer of low-power audio technologies. The company designs microphone and audio signal conditioning ASICs for consumer and communications products like MP3 players, cell phones and PDAs. It also designs audio ASICs, including analog-to-analog and analog-to-digital pre-amplifiers for microphones, receivers, converters and speaker drivers.
	['ASIC amplifier microphone']
NewPort Communications
	Developer of high-performance optical communications chips. The Company\'s devices are based on a proprietary design technology called Current-Controlled CMOS (C3MOS(TM)).
	['', 'optical communication', ' ', 'communication chip', ' ', 'proprietary design technology', '']
Linux NetworX
	Provider of Linux-based high performance computing (HPC) solutions. The company also provides technical services, such as batch scheduling implementations, application optimization, security implementations, and application configuration and tuning.
	['', 'batch scheduling', ' ', 'application optimization', ' ', 'application configuration', ' ', 'high performance computing', '']
System General
	Manufacturer of semiconductors and analog and digital circuits. The company also designs ICs used in AC/DC power IC products.
	['', 'integrated circuits', ' ', 'power circuits', ' ', 'digital circuits', ' ', 'semiconductors and resistors', '']
Touchstone Semiconductor (Analog IC Products)
	Designer and manufacturer of high-performance analog integrated circuits. The company provides high-performance, low-power analog IC products for power management services.
	['low-power analog-to-digital ', 'power management IC', '']
OctigaBay Systems
	Manufacturer of computing architecture for simulation and modeling applications. The company develops high performance computing (HPC) system designed around its direct connected processor architecture, an approach to parallel processing that directly links together processors, alleviating memory contention and interconnect bottlenecks found in cluster systems.
	['', 'computing architecture', ' ', 'modeling application', ' ', 'simulation application', '']
ADAP Nanotech
	Manufacturer of carbon nanotube based adhesives and coatings. The company specializes in manufacturing and commercialization of high performance thermally and electrically conductive adhesives for use in demanding industrial and electronics applications, with an initial focus on thermal interface materials deployed to facilitate cooling of electronic components.
	['', 'carbon nanotube', ' ', 'electrically conductive adhesives', ' adhesives']
Groupe J.L. Leclerc
	Manufacturer and designer of industrial products for power and transportation industries. The company serves the markets for energy and transport. It has developed its own equipment designed for the maintenance and installation of electric lines.
	['', 'industrial products', ' ', 'power and transportation', ' ', 'electric lines', ' ', 'equipment design', '']
Quickturn Design Systems
	Provider of system level verification solutions for the design of integrated circuits and electronic systems. The company\'s products are used by developers of high-performance computing, multimedia, graphics and communication systems.
	['', 'computing systems', ' ', 'communication systems', ' ', 'electronic systems', '']
Vertex Networks
	Developer of ASIC focusing on LAN switching market. The Company focuses on providing high performance, cost-effective Third- Generation solutions for the emerging LAN and ATM switching market.
	['', 'hardware components', ' communication ', 'system architecture', ' chipset ', 'network market', '']
NPC Springs
	Manufacturer of high-strength industrial springs. The company manufacturers high-strength springs for railroads, cars and agricultural equipment.
	['', 'springs', ' ', 'high-strength', ' ', 'railroad springs', ' ', 'car springs', '']
Touchstone Semiconductor
	Designer and manufacturer of high-performance analog integrated circuits. The company creates high-performance analog integrated circuit (IC) services that solve critical issues for electronics companies.
	['', 'analog integrated circuit', ' ', 'specification identical', ' ', 'integrated circuit', '']
SemiSouth Laboratories
	Manufacturer of high-voltage silicon-carbide semiconductor devices. The company specializes in the development and manufacturing of silicon carbide materials and electrical components for high-power, high-efficiency, harsh-environment power management and conversion applications.
	['', 'semiconductor device', ' ', 'silicon carbide', ' ', 'electronics material', ' ', 'harsh environment electronic', '']
FlowWise Networks
	Provider of performance-enhancing equipment for computer networks. The company is the provider of high-performance router-acceleration products that are self-configuring. The company\'s products are designed to enhance the performance of networks, with little to no disruption of service.
	['', 'telephony platform', ' ', 'network equipment', ' router']
Rapport, Inc.
	Developer of embedded application chips for computer intensive applications. The company\'s chips are deployed in accelerator boards and high performance systems for government and commercial services ranging from intelligent sensor modules to networking devices.
	['', 'electronic chips', ' ', 'computer intensive application', ' ', 'sensor module', ' ', 'networking device', ' ', 'embedded application chip', '']
ISOPur Fluid Technologies
	Developer of high-performance fluid purification systems. The company provides purification systems for hydraulic and lubricating oil used in high-performance, mission-critical industrial machinery.
	['', 'purifies oil', ' ', 'fluid purity', ' ', 'filter cartridges', ' additives']
Antrim Design Systems
	Provider of comprehensive software solution. The company offers software solution for automating the design of high performance analog.
	['', 'intellectual property', ' circuit ', 'design tools', '']
