MLRGB Restauration
	Provider of steam cooked food products. The company operates as a restaurant serving steamed food products for health conscious customers.
	['', 'steam cooked food', ' ', 'healthy food', ' ', 'steamed food', ' ', 'organic wine', ' ', 'restaurant operator', '']
Big Sky Bread
	Provider of breads and baked goods. The company is a local bakery that sells whole-grain bread, granola and cookies.
	['granola bread ', 'organic wheat', ' ', 'micro bakery', '']
Macrae Food Group
	Manufacturer and seller of ready to eat seafood. The company provides a variety of chilled sea food products ranging from shellfish to fresh and smoked fish along with marinaded products. It also provides sea food processing services.
	['', 'seafood products', ' ', 'marinaded products', ' ', 'smoked fish', ' ', 'food processing', '']
Home Bistro Foods
	Provider of gourmet food. The company specializes in vacuum-sealed and flash-frozen meals prepared by chefs and sold through its catalog and its e-commerce site. It offers soups, appetizers, meals, and desserts, including beef, pork, lamb/veal/bison, poultry, and seafood.
	['', 'gourmet food', ' ', 'frozen food', ' ', 'sealed food', '']
Kaiku Corporación Alimentaria
	Producer of healthy dairy food products. The company engages in production and distribution of healthy dairy products some of which are even suitable for the lactose intolerant. The company\'s products include ready to serve varieties such as desserts, cheeses, milk shakes, milk, yoghourts and lactose free products.
	['dessert ', 'dairy production', ' ', 'dairy products', ' cheese ', 'ready to serve products', '']
Dujardin Foods
	Provider of frozen vegetarian food products. The company engages in the production and marketing of frozen vegetables, fruits, herbs and other vegetable-based ready meals.
	['', 'frozen vegetable', ' ', 'ready meal', ' ', 'frozen fruit', '']
Micro Analytical Systems
	Provider of sea food products. The company provides information regarding fish origin, fishing method and maximum mercury levels for each species.
	['seafood ', 'fishing method', ' ', 'sea food product', '']
Organis
	Creator of natural insect repellents. The company is the developer of a platform of insect-repellent products derived from the edible turmeric plant. The active ingredients form the basis of a family of products for the agricultural, industrial, hospitality, urban ad home environments.
	['', 'organic insecticides', ' ', 'bio-pesticides', ' ', 'insect-repellents', ' insecticides']
Conserves et Salaisons De La Noureppe
	Provider of gourmet and other food products. The company offers cured meats, frozen foods, poultry items, sea food, grocery products, dairy products, fruits and vegetables, bakery and confectionery products, beverages and other agricultural products.
	['', 'confectionery product', ' ', 'grocery product', ' ', 'poultry item', '']
Gascoigne Melotte Holding
	Manufacturer of equipment for the dairy industry. The company offers milking machines and other dairy automation products.
	['', 'milk harvesting equipment', ' ', 'agricultural machinery', ' ', 'dairy automation', '']
Natratec International
	Developer and manufacturer of organic protective emulsions. The company primarily focuses on producing emulsions which retain the freshness of fruits and vegetables and increase the egg hatching rate of poultry.
	['', 'organic preservation', ' ', 'food freshness', ' ', 'agricultural product', '']
Pains & Tradition
	Provider of baked and frozen breads. The company primarily focuses on providing various types of breads and baked rolls.
	['', 'baked breads', ' ', 'frozen breads', ' breads']
Foodoro
	Provider of an online platform to sell food products. The company allows merchants to sell artisanal food products through their website.
	['', 'artisanal food', ' ', 'food product', ' ', 'gourmet food', '']
