Techgenia
	Developer of Internet protocol (IP) devices. The company produces and markets appliances designed to help companies accelerate the implementation of IP services and to obtain a quicker return on investment.
	['', 'IT technologies', ' ', 'skilled consultancy', ' ', 'IT services', '']
Zhone Technologies
	Designer, developer and manufacturer of telecommunications equipment. The company provides international clients in the single line multi-service (SLMS) architecture business the ability to provide voice and video over internet protocol (VoIP).
	['', 'telecommunications equipment', ' ', 'single line multi-service', ' ', 'voice over internet protocol', '']
Tiscali Telecom
	Provider of internet services. The company provides broadband and narrow band internet services in France.
	['', 'internet service', ' ', 'broadband service', ' ', 'narrow band internet', '']
Applied Digital Access
	Provider of network performance management solutions to telecommunications service providers. The company focuses on systems, software and services that manage the performance, quality, reliability and availability of telecommunications service provider\'s networks.
	['', 'telecommunications service', ' ', 'Network Performance Management', '']
MetraTech
	Provider of web based services for billing, customer self care and partner management. The company\'s applications include mobile virtual network operator, internet protocol television, conferencing and collaboration, voice over Internet protocol, Internet service provider, messaging, utility computing and airports.
	['', 'online billing', ' ', 'partner management', ' ', 'business collaboration', '']
Myrio
	Provider of software, content management and integration services for internet protocol based video services. The company enables telecommunications providers to offer digital TV, video-on-demand, interactive TV services,  communications and internet services to their customers.
	['', 'IP video', ' ', 'broadband service provider', ' ', 'video on demand', '']
Inuk Networks
	Developer of broadcasting platform. The company develops and delivers a platform for the distribution of broadcast quality televison and carrier-class telephony over closed internet protocol based networks.
	['', 'broadcasting platform', ' ', 'internet platform', ' ', 'distribution platform', '']
PCS One
	Provider of telecommunications services. The company provides telecommunication services on personal basis.
	['', 'communication service', '']
Extant
	Provider of carrier transport, OSS interconnect, and clearinghouse solutions to integrated communications providers.
	['', 'carrier transport', ' ', 'clearing house solution', ' ', 'operational system support', '']
TransNet International
	Provider of telecommunication reselling services. The company purchases telecommunications services from another telecommunications service provider and then resells, uses as a component part of or integrates the purchased services into a mobile telecommunications service.
	['', 'telecom reseller', ' telecommunication ', 'retail outlet', '']
Globecomm Network Services
	Provider of internet connectivity services. The company designs internet protocol based networks. Its products are used in video broadcast, voice over Internet protocol and satellite-based applications.
	['', 'video broadcast', ' satellite ', 'internet connectivity', '']
TradingCom
	Operator and provider of telecommunications and internet services. The company providers telecommunications networking and Internet Protocol carrier platform.
	['', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'bandwidth service', ' ', 'internet service', '']
