Portes Patio Résiver
	Manufacturer of polyvinyl chloride doors. The company produces polyvinyl chloride doors and windows in Canada.
	['', 'polyvinyl chloride door', ' ', 'polyvinyl chloride window', ' ', 'sliding window', ' ', 'Home Furnishing', '']
Microgenics Holding
	Manufacturer and seller of diagnostic reagents. The company offers CEDIA immunoassays, DRI products, including liquid and ready to use reagents, MAS control products for serum chemistry.
	['reagents ', 'diagnostic reagents', ' immunoassays']
Visionix
	Manufacturer and distributor of equipment used by opthalmologists and opticians for eye surgeries.
	['', 'opthalmologic equipment', ' ', 'surgical equipment', ' ', 'healthcare equipment', '']
InovisProject
	Manufacturer and developer of multilayer coatings. The company specializes in the production of coated products for the production of films for cameras.
	['', 'industrial coating', ' ', 'film coating', ' ', 'multilayer coating', '']
Corella Electric Wire & Cable
	Manufacturer and supplier of telecommunication and electrical cables. The company is in the miscellaneous fabricated wire products industry and a Hispanic-owned manufacturing firm based in Phoenix.
	['', 'Wire Product', ' ', 'fiberoptic product', ' ', 'Electrical Equipment', ' ', 'telecommunication cable', ' ', 'Cable wire', '']
Reholz
	Manufacturer of three-dimensionally deformable veneer for moldings and coatings. The company offers products for the medical technology and electronics industries.
	['veneer ', '3D veneer', ' ', 'deformable veneer', '']
Gecko Alliance
	Manufacturer of electronic controls. The company offers systems, controls, pumps, audio, accessories and bath products.
	['', 'temperature setting', ' ', 'electronic button', ' pump']
Ingrepro
	Producer of algae for industrial purposes. The company engages in the development and exploitation of hybrid reactors for algae production. It mainly serves the energy and food industries.
	['', 'algae production', ' ', 'hybrid reactors', ' ', 'waste streams', ' plants ', 'industrial algae', '']
Cerent
	Manufacturer of optical transport platform for service provider.
	['', 'optical equipment', ' ', 'optical transport platform', ' ', 'optical network', ' ', 'scalable transport', '']
ATP - Advanced Technology Products
	Manufacturer and seller of metal links. The company provides metal links for chained ammunition.
	['', 'automatic feeding', ' ', 'medium size cartridge', ' munitions ', 'commercial product', '']
OctigaBay Systems
	Manufacturer of computing architecture for simulation and modeling applications. The company develops high performance computing (HPC) system designed around its direct connected processor architecture, an approach to parallel processing that directly links together processors, alleviating memory contention and interconnect bottlenecks found in cluster systems.
	['', 'computing architecture', ' ', 'modeling application', ' ', 'simulation application', '']
InnoCOMM Wireless
	Developer and manufacturer of fabless semicondutor. The company manufacturer fabless semicondutor and develops highly integrated wireless products.
	['', 'fabless semicondutor', ' ', 'wireless product', ' power']
Fran\'s Healthy Helpings
	Manufacturer of nutritious frozen meals with natural ingredients targeted for young children. The company\'s meals are free of artificial colors, flavors, sweeteners, synthetic preservatives and are nutrient-rich and low in fat, sodium and cholesterol. The company\'s product line includes Lucky Ducky Chicken, Wacky Whale Pizza and Lovey Dovey Patty and can be microwaved in five minutes.
	['', 'frozen meals', ' ', 'artificial colors', ' ', 'synthetic preservatives', '']
Nortel Networks
	Manufacturer of networking products. The company is a manufacturer of equipment for telecommunications and data networking.
	['', 'networking equipment', '  ', 'data networking equipment', ' ', 'cable operators', '']
AAC Technologies
	Manufacturer of miniature acoustic and non acoustic components. The company is the manufacturer of micro component total equipments for communications and consumer electronics market.
	['', 'acoustic component', ' ', 'micro component', ' ', 'consumer electronic', '']
Troquelería del Norte
	Manufacturer of tools and dies. The company serves various manufacturing industries focusing on the automotive sector.
	['die ', 'manufacturing industry', ' ', 'automotive sector', '']
Final Sound Solutions
	Manufacturer of electrostatic flat loudspeaker systems. The company\'s products are primarily used by audio professionals and commercial applications purposes.
	['loudspeaker ', 'flat loudspeaker', ' ', 'electrostatic loudspeaker', ' ', 'sound system', ' sound']
LAAx
	Manufacturer of medical occlusion equipment. The company develops TigerPaw System that occludes the left atrial appendage (LAA) and confirms to its shape and thickness, minimizing the risk of tissue damage and accidental bleeding associated with other common closing methods used during open chest procedures.
	['', 'medical occlusion equipment', ' ', 'left atrial appendage', ' ', 'tissue damage', ' ', 'surgical device', '']
KA Electronik
	Manufacturer of electronic and electromechanical equipment. The company focuses on the contract manufacturing of electronics in small series and prototype production.
	['electromechanical ', 'prototype production', ' ', 'electronic manufacturing service', '']
Fabricacion Componentes Motocicletas
	Manufacturer of motorcycle parts. The company uses electronics technology to manufacture backlashes, gearboxes and instrument panels.
	['', 'motorcycle parts', ' backlashes ', 'instrument panels', ' gearboxes']
Picosecond Pulse Labs
	Designer and manufacturer of electronic pulse, pattern generators and broadband components. The company\'s product includes products include amplifiers, attenuators, baluns, bias tees and comb generators.
	['electronic pulse ', 'broadband components', ' ', 'comb generators', '']
Align Technology
	Manufacturer of invisalign system for treating malocclusion or the misalignment of teeth. The company’s products include Invisalign Full for the treatment of a range of malocclusions. It corrects malocclusion using a series of clear, nearly invisible, removable appliances that gently move teeth to a desired final position.
	['', 'invisalign system', ' malocclusion ', 'misalignment of teeth', '']
Southwest Nanotechnologies
	Manufacturer of single wall carbon nanotubes. The company develops carbon nanotubes using catalytic method in fluidized bed reactors.
	['', 'carbon nanotube', ' ', 'catalytic method', ' ', 'fluidized bed reactor', ' ', 'synthesis technology', ' nanotubes composites']
Prepreg-SKM
	Manufacturer of products from carbon and mineral-fiber composites. The company is a manufacturer of prepregs, a semi-finished composite material that can be turned into monolithic articles of complex forms that require minimal tooling. The company\'s products are used in aviation and space, automobile manufacturing and ship building, construction, oil and gas production, pipeline transport, medicine and wind power.
	['', 'carbon fiber', ' ', 'polymer composite material', ' ', 'nanofilled prepreg', ' ', 'automobile manufacturing', ' ', 'ship building', ' ', 'gas production', '']
VTEL Products
	Manufacturer of video telecommunications equipment. The company\'s products facilitate staff meetings, training, job interviews, client presentations and legal depositions through videoconferencing.
	['', 'telecommunication equipment', ' ', 'videoconferencing', ' video ', 'video based technologies', '']
RxMedic Systems
	Provider, designer, manufacturer and distributor of automated pill dispensing robotics products to retail pharmacies. The company\'s  first product was the forerunner to the current RxMedic ADS robotic dispensing system.
	['drugstore dispensing automated']
V.L.T.
	Manufacturer of molded fiber cartons. The company produces egg cartons and egg trays for markets in the Baltic states.
	['', 'molded fiber', ' ', 'packaging product', ' ', 'egg carton', '']
Kine Robot Solutions
	Designer and developer of robot systems for industrial use. The company offers robotic products for the food, metal, building, car and glass industries.
	['', 'robot systems', ' ', 'grippers', ' ', 'material handling systems', '']
Meredian
	Manufacturer of bioplastics from renewable, natural resources. The company utilizes environmental friendly materials that are not derived from petroleum and provide jobs in an emerging technology and increases employment.
	['biodegradable ', 'polymer coating', ' recycling']
Barton Nelson
	Manufacturer of advertising and promotional specialty goods. The company offers name badges, sticky notes, flags, pads and flag booklets, custom imprinted flag dispensers, cubes and note holders, lenticular items, magnets, desk calendars, desk pads, note planners and journals, scratch pads, memo books, rulers, bookmarks, door hangers, mailers, vinyl three ring binders, vinyl note pad folders, and vinyl document holders and cases. It serves financial institutions.
	['', 'specialty goods', ' ', 'stationary goods', ' ', 'commercial products', '']
Comhat
	Developer and manufacturer of antenna systems to the telecom industry. The company\'s products include a range of reflector antennas for the microwave radio system market.
	['', 'antenna systems', ' reflector microwave']
iCeutica
	Manufacturer and provider of branded medicines. The company offers SoluMatrix platform, a drug reformulation and delivery technology for poorly water-soluble compounds.
	['', 'branded medicines', ' SoluMatrix water-soluble compounds']
ALIA 2
	Manufacturer of compound feeds for cattle, pigs and poultry.
	['', 'cattle feeds', ' ', 'pigs feed', ' ', 'poultry food', ' ', 'animal food', '']
APC Confection
	Manufacturer of outdoor blinds.
	['', 'industrial product', ' ', 'blind product', ' ', 'business product', '']
Re Pet
	Manufacturer of recyclable plastic sheeting for food companies and supermarkets. The company makes PET material, which is used to make drinks bottles and is used by the retailers.
	['', 'recyclable plastic sheeting', ' ', 'drinking bottle', ' recycle']
Oxford Labs
	Manufacturer of disposable medical products.
	['', 'medical product', ' ', 'disposable product', '']
FirstCrush
	Provider of personalized wine subscription service.
	['', 'wine subscription', ' ', 'personalized subscription', ' ', 'wine purchase', ' ', 'consumer products', '']
Synergy Beverages
	Manufacturer of cocktail mixers.
	['', 'cocktail mixer', ' ', 'beverage production', ' ', 'beverage seller', '']
