Insider Pages
	Operator of online directory and reviews site in the United States. The company enables people to search local businesses in various categories, including dentists, doctors, hairstylists, plumbers, realtors, and restaurants. It also provides pay-per-call advertising model for merchants and small businesses.
	['', 'online search', ' ', 'local search', ' ', 'online directory', '']
Rivio
	Developer and deliver small business Web services. The company\'s Integrated Business Services Network (iBSN) provides an infrastructure for companies to operate and deliver customized business Web services to their small business customers.
	['', 'web service', ' seamless email']
TwoSixty
	Provider of a web-based virtual phone system for small businesses. The company allows users to set up voicemail, call forwarding and extensions.
	['', 'virtual phone system', ' ', 'call forwarding', ' voicemail phone']
B2SB Technologies
	Provider of eBusiness solutions. The company offers eBusiness Builder, an office application for small business service providers(SBSPs) that enables small business customers to sell on the web.
	['E-business']
FreeDecision
	Provider of web based credit decisions to shoppers, merchants, and financial institutions. The company\'s Instant Financing Solution allows customers, either consumers or small businesses, to apply for loans or other financing and receive an approval or rejection on-the-spot.
	['', 'credit decisions', ' ', 'financing solutions', ' ', 'financing approval', ' Finance']
Intuit
	Intuit Inc was incorporated in California in March 1984. The Company was reincorporated in Delaware and completed its initial public offering in March 1993. The Company creates business and financial management solutions that help simplify the business of life for small businesses, consumers, and accounting professionals. The Company\'s products and services include; QuickBooks, TurboTax, Quicken and Mint, and help customers solve business and financial management problems including running a small business, paying bills, and filing income taxes. The Company\'s tax preparation offerings for professional accountants includes; ProSeries and Lacerte. The Company operates its businesses into three segments; Small Business, Consumer Tax, and Professional Tax. The Small Business segment includes offerings targeting the small business market. It includes QuickBooks financial and business management online services and desktop software for small businesses and the accounting professionals serving small businesses; Small business payroll and employee management products and services; Payment processing services for small businesses, including merchant services such as credit and debit card processing; web-based transaction processing services for online merchants; secure online payments for small businesses and their customers through the Intuit Commerce Network; GoPayment mobile payment processing services; and QuickBooks Point of Sale solutions. The Consumer Tax segment targets consumers and includes TurboTax income tax preparation products and services and electronic tax filing services. The Professional Tax segment targets professional accountants and includes Lacerte, ProSeries, and Intuit Tax Online professional tax products and services. The Company faces competition in all businesses, both domestically and internationally. The Company\'s competitors includes; Wells Fargo, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, First Data Corporation, Elavon, Global Payments, FIS-Certegy, PayPal and Square. The Company is subject to federal and state laws and government regulations concerning employee safety and health and environmental matters.
	['', 'financial management', ' ', 'accounting management', ' ', 'asset management', '']
OnDialog
	Provider of tools to marketers to maximize acquisition of leads, conversion or prospects and retain customers using on-demand landing pages, micro sites and personalized URLs. The company\'s customers include online marketing affiliates, direct marketing agencies, and sports and entertainment marketing agencies.
	['', 'personalized URLs', ' ', 'on-demand landing pages', ' ', 'Search Engine Marketing', '']
In.Sites Media
	Developer of a social powered small businesses marketing and networking platform. The company helps small businesses and individuals to increase exposure and traffic volume by transforming their standalone websites into business pages at social networking sites, where traffic is constant.
	['', 'networking platform', ' ', 'businesses marketing', ' ', 'traffic volume ', '']
Feed Management Systems
	Provider of software solutions that links critical information between commercial feed manufacturers and their suppliers and customers. The company aims to help feed manufacturers attract and retain customers by providing the information infrastructure required to operate effectively in the dynamic and complex feed manufacturing environment.
	['', 'feed manufacturer', ' ', 'commercial feed', ' ', 'information software', ' ', 'business software', '']
Connected Data
	Developer of social storage appliances. The company provides products enabling consumers, professionals and small businesses to securely group, share and protect data.
	['', 'social storage appliance', ' ', 'data protection', ' ', 'data sharing', '']
M.Dot
	Provider of a platform for small businesses and individuals to be accessible and discoverable on mobile devices. The company\'s platform allows small businesses to create, maintain and promote their mobile presence from a smart phone application.
	['', 'mobile presence', ' ', 'mobile search', ' ', 'business access platform', ' ', 'mobile website', ' ', 'multimedia platform', ' ', 'business website', ' ', 'business presence', ' ', 'small business advertising', '']
Flashbase
	Operator of an online advertising and marketing firm. The Company focused on empowering consumers and small business users by providing them with a hosted enterprise-level database application over the internet and marketing tools allow marketers to launch targeted, permission-based email campaigns and track the results.
	['', 'online advertising', ' ', 'database application', '']
Superdata Technology
	Provider of management software packages for small businesses. The company develops and provides enterprise software for Chinese medium and small size companies.
	['', 'inventory module', ' ', 'payroll module', ' ', 'information technology', '']
demandMart
	Provider of an on-demand platform that helps small businesses automatically find, capture, convert and retain customers. The company helps small businesses succeed on-line and aslo created an on-demand suite of marketing tools that simplifies, automates and optimizes a small businesses interactive marketing at a price any small business can afford.
	['', 'online service provider', ' SaaS']
Arteis
	Operator of a Web-based design service company. The company designs logos, business cards, signs, stationery, T-shirts, ads, and promotional materials. It also designs Web sites and brochures, as well as offers printing services. It serves small businesses and business publications in the United States and internationally.
	['', 'logo design', ' ', 'website design', ' stationery ', 'graphic design', '']
