No Wires Needed
	Developer of wireless technologies. The company manufactures wireless products designed to enable high-speed wireless Internet access.
	['', 'wireless LAN', ' ', 'wireless products', ' ', 'media access control', ' MAC ', 'wireless internet', '']
BBR Wireless Management
	Provider of wireless management products and services. The company offers CELLector tool, software for wireless optimization and auditing, wireless asset tracking, monthly management, and Web-based reporting.
	['', 'wireless management', ' ', 'wireless asset tracking', ' ', 'web-based reporting', '']
Multipath Networks
	Provider of wireless network services. The company provides services which include high-speed fixed wireless internet, network design, network administration, web site development, web hosting and tower construction.
	['', 'fixed wireless internet', ' ', 'network administration', ' ', 'web hosting', '']
Communication Services
	Operator of a wireless network service provider. The company provides communication infrastructure for cellular, private radio, and other wireless customers.
	['', 'wireless network', ' ', 'communication infrastructure', ' ', 'wireless service peovider', '']
CityReach International
	Provider of telecommunications, data communications, internet and web hosting services. The company provides services such as network provisioning, support, bandwidth management, network monitoring, and disaster recovery services.
	['', 'internet software', ' ', 'bandwidth management', ' ', 'web hosting', '']
Voyager Systems
	Provider of secure data transmission services and wireless applications. The company\'s \'s flagship product, Voyager Query(TM), provides law enforcement personnel access to information in the course of field operations, quickly and securely, via a high-speed handheld device communicating over any wireless network.
	['', 'data transmission service', ' ', 'wireless application', ' ', 'enterprise applications software', '']
Gravatar
	Provides hosting and web serving for 80x80 avatars.
	['Avatar ', 'content management system', ' ', 'blog software', ' ', 'web serving', '']
iAsia Works
	Provider of internet services that allow business customers to build or extend their presence across multiple markets in the Asia-Pacific region. Services include high-speed, leased-line Internet access, hosting, co-location, managed services and other value-added services.
	['', 'internet services', ' ', 'Asia-Pacific region', ' ', 'value-added services', '']
NextWave Telecom
	Provider of high-speed wireless internet access and voice communications services to consumers and business markets. The company provides wireless and wireline telecommunications services, namely, the electronic transmission of voice, facsimile, data, images and informations.
	['', 'broadband wireless', ' ', 'communications services', ' ', 'electronic transmission', ' ', 'wireless internet', ' ', 'voice communications', '']
Alvarion (Cellular Mobile Business)
	Developer of core wireless network equipment.
	['', 'wireless network equipment', ' ', 'network equipment', '']
2Roam
	Provider of a Wireless Web Application Service. The company\'s solution is targeted at Web site businesses. The company provide Web site businesses with the products and services they require to extend their brand and revenue models to wireless users with functionality, usability and control.
	['', 'wireless web application', ' ', 'wireless solution', ' ', 'web application service', '']
Altobridge
	Developer of a wireless network service. The company develops wireless network services that reduce network operating costs in the delivering of mobile voice, mobile broadband and big data services.
	['', 'mobile communication', ' ', 'local connectivity', ' ', 'split architecture', ' ', 'remote community market', ' ', 'satellite bandwidth', '']
Sandvine
	Provider of network policy control services focused on protecting and improving the quality of experience on the internet. The company offers software that help cable, fixed wireless and mobile operators better understand network traffic, manage network congestion, create new services and revenues, mitigate traffic that is malicious or undesirable to subscribers, deliver multimedia services and increase subscriber satisfaction.
	['', 'network software', ' ', 'control services', '']
Technology Brothers
	Provider of wireless and networking solutions. The company provides enterprise wise wireless telecommunications carriers.
	['', 'telecommunication carriers', ' ', 'wireless telecommunications', '']
Broadband IP
	Provider of high-speed Internet services. The company offers a wide range of ISP services including wired and wireless Internet service and managed connectivity. It specializes in licensed and unlicensed wireless connectivity solutions for data, voice and video.
	['', 'high speed Internet', ' ', 'wireless Internet service', ' ', 'unlicensed wireless connectivity', '']
Paradigm4
	Provider of wireless data network services and solutions.
	['', 'wireless data', ' ', 'data network service', ' ', 'network solution', '']
GeoCities
	Provider of a web hosting service. The site allowes users to select a "city" in which to place their web pages and the "cities" are named after real cities or regions according to their content.
	['', 'web hosting service', ' ', 'web directory', ' ', 'internet archive', '']
HarvardNet
	Provider of broadband communication and content hosting services. The company\'s services include Web hosting and collocation services, business-class digital subscriber line (DSL) service and broadband virtual private network (VPN) solutions.
	['broadband VPN DSL']
ADA Cellworks
	Provider of radio network planning services. The company provides network planning, such as design, optimization and performance; network support services, including benchmarking, drive tests, site audits, RFI and model calibration; recruiting services and provisioning of manpower; and technical training. It also provides in-building design and implementation, implementation and integration, site acquisition, site physical design and layout, wireless engineering software development and market and technology assessment.
	['', 'radio network planning', ' ', 'wireless engineering software', ' ', 'technology assessment', '']
CommSite International
	Operator of an antenna site development and management company. The company operates antenna and other wireless communication transmission facilities.
	['', 'antenna sites', ' ', 'antenna site development', ' ', 'antenna site management', ' ', 'communication facilities', ' ', 'management services', '']
