Dot Wireless
	Developer of semiconductor chip sets, embedded communication protocol software, hardware reference solutions and semiconductor intellectual property. The company’s CDMA 3G products encompass the enabling technologies required to support the convergence of data and wireless communication services.
	['', 'technology components', ' licenser ', 'communication protocol', ' ', 'data services', ' CDMA 3G “embedded protocol software”']
Transwarp Networks
	Provider of storage products. The company focuses on manufacturing switching, CPU, memory products, high-performance switches, microprocessors and significant storage-related intellectual property.
	['', 'storage products', ' ', 'storage IT', ' ', 'memory products', ' ', 'intellectual property', ' switches microprocessors']
Bops.com
	Developer of DSP intellectual property cores and compiler and software tool products. The company\'s products are used in system-on-chip-based applications in the Internet, multimedia, and wireless communications markets.
	['', 'digital signal processor', ' ', 'broadband licensing', ' ', 'software tool product', ' ', 'wireless communication', '']
Tatara Systems (Certain Mobile Broadband unit assets)
	Provider of connection management software and mobility gateway software to support Authentication, Authorization and Accounting (AAA) for carrier deployments. The company\'s assets include intellectual property, patents and technology related to the broadband connectivity space.
	['', 'connection  management software', ' ', 'mobility gateway software', ' ', 'carrier deployment', ' ', 'broadband connectivity space', '']
Pendrell
	Provider of corporate intellectual property services and litigation insights. The company is a next-generation MSS operator authorized to offer MSS throughout the United States using a GEO satellite.
	['', 'mobile satellite', ' ', 'GEO Satellite', ' MSS']
YDreams
	Developer of a patent-pending technology. The company develops full-scale interactive environments, products and intellectual property combining technology and design.
	['', 'patent-pending technology', ' ', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'full-scale interactive environments', '']
Information Holdings
	Provider of information products and services to scientific, technical, medical, intellectual property and IT learning markets. The company provides databases, information products and complementary services through Intellectual Property Group, which includes MicroPatent(R), Master Data Center(TM), Liquent-IDRAC and LPS Group.
	['', 'information provider', ' ', 'database organizer', ' ', 'information technology', '']
Walker Digital
	Developer of intellectual property. The company\'s mission is to use the tools of the digital age to create business systems that unlock value for consumers and businesses. It has started several operating companies to commercialize their inventions in e-commerce, gaming, publishing, retailing, education and other industries.
	['', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'financial software', ' ', 'commercial services', '']
EmbElectronIP
	Provider of intellectual and industrial property for electronic embedded systems. The company provides royalty-free intellectual property licenses and serve all sectors that incorporate electronics in their products.
	['', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'industrial property', ' ', 'property right', '']
Triscend
	Provider of configurable system-on-chip devices and microcontrollers. The company\'s software enable user to create embedded systems for communication, consumer and industrial applications.
	['', 'embedded system', ' ', 'industrial application', ' ', 'configurable microcontroller', ' ', 'communications software', ' ', 'software applications', '']
Lightspeed Logic
	Developer of mask reconfigurable intellectual property. The company provides digital logic implementation technology that provides time-to-market, yield, manufacturability, and development expense advantages over cell implementation. Its products are used in integrated device manufacturers and fabless semiconductor companies, such as imaging, video, audio, display control, wireless, networking, and automotive markets.
	['', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'cell implementation', ' ', 'fabless semiconductor', ' ', 'automotive market', '']
IDENT Technology
	Provider of intellectual property and semiconductor products. The company\'s products enable proximity sensing and real-time 3D gesture recognition for the consumer electronics industry, including mobile devices, gaming and other input devices.
	['', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'semiconductor products', '']
Article One Partners
	Operator of a research community focused on intellectual property. The company leverages a crowd of more than 30,000 researchers to identify patents, non-patent literature and non-textual content to inform users\' IP-related business decisions.
	['', 'patent validity', ' ', 'patent quality', ' ', 'online research community', ' ', 'commercial services', '']
Ulive
	Commercialization of intellectual property rights. The company engages in the identification, protection, maintenance and commercialization of intellectual property rights owned and created by the University of Liverpool.
	['rights ', 'intellectual property', ' commercialization']
Cooke Pharma
	Developer of formulations for the treatment of atherosclerosis. The company owns and develops the intellectual property rights to use arginine for vascular disease.
	['atherosclerosis arginine ', 'vascular disease', '']
TriCN
	Developer of intellectual property (IP) for semiconductor interface technology. The company offers interface-specific I/Os (ISI/O) and SerDes IP core that assists in increasing speed and data transmission of interfaces and applications.
	['', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'semiconductor interface technology', ' ', 'interface specific', '']
Fusion IP
	Provider of funding to Universities for developing intellectual property. The company is a venture capitalist that provides short, medium and long term investments to Universities for developing intellectual property and in return get a share in earnings of such intellectual property rights.
	['', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'venture capitalist', ' ', 'long term investment', '']
