Sabio Labs
	Developer of software tools for analogue-circuit designers. The company provides a platform where designers are can create analog designs. The company works with several semiconductor companies.
	['', 'software tools', ' ', 'analogue-circuit designers', ' ', 'design platform', '']
ImpactXoft
	Provider of software for product development. The company offers software support services and its suite enables industrial designers, product engineers, mold and tooling designers, and tool manufacturers to work together.
	['', 'product development', '']
Superbly
	Developer of a psychometric screening tool. The company offers a software that enables organizations to screen and hire potential candidates.
	['', 'screening tool', ' ', 'psychometric analysis', ' filter ', 'candidate screening', ' ', 'psychometric tool', '']
Esterel Technologies
	Provider of systems and software solutions for aerospace, defense, rail transportation and nuclear industries. The company’s products enable system and software engineers to graphically design, verify and generate systems and software applications. The company offers SCADE Suite for control application development. The company also offers SCADE LifeCycle that is used for critical application lifecycle management. The company also provides product training, methodology preparation, project support, application software optimization, certification support, installation and troubleshooting services.
	['', 'scade lifecycle', ' ', 'web based solution', ' ', 'development cycle', ' ', 'automation software', ' ', 'software application', ' ', 'network management', '']
Moji
	Provider of visual version control for designers. The company offers a version control and collaboration platform for a community of like-minded designers that encourages people to share their art.
	['', 'version control', ' ', 'style sharing', ' ', 'designer project', ' ', 'collaboration tool', '']
SoftConnex Technologies
	Provider of Universal Serial Bus (USB) host software. The company’s flagship product, USBLink Host, takes a modular approach to providing USB connectivity, thereby affording system engineers maximum flexibility with their product designs. Its software solution offers broad platform support and a complete library of USB device class modules.
	['', 'host software', ' ', 'flagship product', ' ', 'usb link', ' ', 'usb connectivity', ' ', 'product design', ' ', 'broad platform', '']
LayerVault
	Developer of a cloud based application that manages revisions, store files and help designers to collaborate around designs. The company\'s application allow designers to store, back up and track designs as they go through revisions and allows them to deliver their work to collaborators and clients.
	['', 'design tracking', ' ', 'file storage', ' ', 'cloud data', ' ', 'visual search function', ' ', 'design collaboration', '']
Maxim I/T
	Provider of a software product named FindView. The company\'s product provides users a single gateway to access desired information required to make well-informed business decisions.
	['', 'database software', ' ', 'findview', '']
Talent Plug
	Developer of software for recruitment professionals. The company offers software to support multi-channel talent acquisition processes.
	['', 'talent acquisition software', ' ', 'recruitment software', ' ', 'job search', ' ', 'Job Posting', '']
PolySpace Technologies
	Provider of exhaustive code analysis for the presence or absence of runtime errors. The company offers a software product which performs automatic verification of a programs source code and detection of runtime errors.
	['', 'code analysis', ' ', 'run time error', ' ', 'embedded system', '']
