Kingdee International Software Group Co.
	Provider of enterprise management software and Internet service in Asia. The company is a provider of middleware, online management and life-cycle e-commerce software, as well as a provider of Internet service in China and the Asia-Pacific region.
	['', 'enterprise management', ' ERP ', 'Enterprise Information System', '']
Luminate
	Provider of an Internet service that turns static images into engaging content. The company\'s platform enables consumers to mouse over images on their favorite websites to learn more and see related products.
	['', 'web publisher', ' ', 'brand advertising', ' crowdsourcing ', 'online image', ' ', 'interactive content', '']
Solaiemes
	Developer of communication technology for mobility and unified communications. The company provides infrastructure to help carriers and service providers to enrich the communication experience with their base of customers beyond the person to person case.
	['', 'telco border', ' ', 'mobile cloud', ' ', 'rich communication', ' ', 'unified communication', '']
enScaler
	Provider of middleware services to enterprises to deliver streaming content. The company provides licensed platforms and applications to service providers, content owners and enterprises to provision and manage streaming media services and applications.
	['', 'middleware services', ' ', 'licensed platforms and applications', ' ', 'streaming content', ' ', 'streaming media services', ' ', 'content owners', '']
Redstone Communications
	Developer of networking equipments and market service provider solutions that address the scalability, performance, reliability and quality of service issues associated with the transformation of the public Internet. The company\'s products include edge routers, which enable internet service providers to support multiple services.
	['', 'networking equipments', ' ', 'internet service providers', ' ', 'edge routers', '']
DNS Services
	Provider of scalable, distributed directory systems.
	['', 'domain name', '']
Syndesis
	Developer of Operations Support Systems (OSS) software that automates the provisioning process for telecommunications service providers. The company\'s product  helps telecommunication companies bring services to their customers.
	['', 'Operations Support Systems', ' ', 'Programming Services', ' ', 'software development', '']
Cramer Systems
	Provider of telecommunication support systems software. The company provides inventory-based OSS software that accelerates the introduction of new services, enables OSS transformation and reduces cost of ownership.
	['', 'OSS Software', ' telecommunication inventory-based']
Enterupt
	Operator of an online platform for advertisement. The company\'s faceified service enables sellers, service providers and agents to generate more leads, track their listings performance and unlock their reputations on classifieds sites.
	['', 'faceified service', ' ', 'service providers', ' ', 'information services', '']
Clarent
	Provider of networked internet telephony services for long distance phone calling service providers. The company enables service providers to deliver simultaneous transmission of voice, fax and data over internet protocol network.
	['VoIP ', 'communication service', ' ', 'internet telephony', '']
NWIX
	Provider of communications infrastructure services for companies. The company offers its clients and partners such as telecommunications carriers, internet service providers (ISPs), application service providers (ASPs), content providers and systems integrators (SIs) with bandwidth.
	['', 'IT Services', '']
Nexabit Networks
	Designer and manufacturer of switch/router equipment for carrier and service provider networks. The company\'s product enables service providers to offer real-time services and accommodate the bandwidth demands.
	['', 'electronic equipment', ' ', 'router equipment', ' ', 'service provider networks', ' ', 'network equipment', '']
CyberPlus
	Provider of controlled medical terminology applications to the healthcare providers. The company provides its users an internet based knowledge management tool to improve the healthcare operations for providers, pharmaceutical concerns and internet healthcare content providers.
	['', 'medical terminology', ' ', 'healthcare industry', ' ', 'internet healthcare', '']
Wireless Venture Partners
	Provider of a cellular retail stores. The company offers Internet, telecommunication, wireless and voice and data products and related services.
	['', 'wireless communication', ' ', 'telecommunication service', ' ', 'retail stores', '']
Nissi Media
	Provider of an internet telecommunication platform. The company provides an integrated and scalable platform to telecommunications carriers, internet service providers and other telecommunication service providers which enables them to provide their users a wide range functions.
	['', 'internet telecommunication', ' ', 'integrated platform', ' ', 'internet service', '']
CopperCom
	Provider of switching solutions for independent operating companies, competitive local exchange carriers and Internet service providers. The company makes software-based switches or softswitches and other products that enable advanced services such as voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP).
	['', 'switching solution', ' ', 'internet service providers', ' ', 'software-based switches', ' softswitches ', 'voice over internet protocol', '']
Intelepeer (Voice Peering Business)
	Provider of direct IP connections to global service providers. The company is a provider of carrier-class voice-peering infrastructure, designed to deliver transmission of voice and related rich-media services to users\' wireline or wireless device of choice.
	['', 'voice transmission', ' ', 'rich media', ' VoIP']
Telelogue
	Provider of directory assistance services to telecommunications service providers. The company offers a family of products that address the needs of service providers for automation of directory assistance and provides voice-enabled automation for directory assistance, as well as web-based, real-time access to customized reports which provide analysis of busy hour calls, length of call, the rate of automation, call completion rate and other vital statistics.
	['']
Simplicita Software
	Developer of security products designed for service providers that identifies, isolates and fixes zombies. The company\'s products include Simplicita ZBX, a zombie remediation system designed for service providers that automates zombie identification, containment and disinfection and Simplicita NXD, a subscriber mediation application that allows the service provider to monetize website name errors by redirecting the subscriber experience to a search landing page.
	['', 'security products', ' ', 'carrier networks', ' ', 'zombie discovery', ' phishing ', 'zombie remediation', '']
CableMatrix Technologies
	Provider of policy management software platforms and tools. The company enables service providers to deploy the internet services and offers on demand service platform (ODSP) policy server that enables bandwidth management on a per customer and per application basis.
	['', 'bandwidth management', ' ', 'internet application', ' ', 'service provider', '']
TAZZ Networks
	Developer of policy control software for broadband service providers. The company is helping service providers and telephone carriers to build TDM, Frame, ATM and IP networks .
	['', 'Policy control software', ' ', ' broadband service providers', '  TDM']
