Preclick
	Provider of retail photo software for digital photographers. The company\'s solutions enables users to organize, preserve, print, and share their photo collections.
	['', 'digital photo', ' print software ', 'photo sharing', ' ', 'online photo gallery', '']
Digital Railroad
	Provider of online photo archiving and marketing services. It offers photographers and agencies to manage, market, and sell their images.
	['', 'online photo archiving', ' ', 'photo marketing', ' ', 'sell image', '']
Lalalab
	Provider of photo printing application. The company provides an application that allows its users to print their photos directly from their phone and receive the prints a few days after ordering them.
	['', 'mobile commerce', ' ', 'photo printing', ' ', 'photo printing application', '']
Bulldog Entertainment Network
	Operator of a marketing and entertainment company. The company manufactures photo play products, creates photo play online tournaments and advertising. The company serves coin-operated amusements industry.
	['', 'photo play', ' ', 'amusement industry', ' advertising ', 'online tournaments', '']
Connector Optics
	Producer of vertical cavity surface emitting lasers and photo-detectors. The company\'s product is based on advanced technology for growing semiconductor heterostructures with molecular beam epitaxy, which ensures ultralow internal optical loss in the produced epitaxial wafers.
	['', 'photo detector', ' laser ', 'semiconductor heterostructure', ' ', 'optical component', '']
Wiffledan
	Developer of photo capturing application. The company finds amazing photos hidden inside video through the power of technology. It is supported by an iOS app.
	['', 'photo capturing application', ' ', 'photo framing application', ' ', 'photo application', '']
ViaCarla Photo
	Provider of photo software applications and services to retailers and internet portal clients. The company provides European photo laboratories and retailers with internet based digital imaging applications and services like directly managing, hosting, storage and order fulfillment services on behalf of its clients.
	['', 'photo software applications', ' ', 'photo software', ' ', 'digital photo', ' ', 'photo services', '']
Totombola
	Provider of an automated tool for creating and managing viral promotions through various social channels. The company offers an online platform to create different types of campaign (sweepstakes, photo contests and discount coupons) for different targets. These campaigns are self-managing and self-configuring.
	['', 'viral promotion', ' sweepstake ', 'photo contest', ' ', 'discount coupon', ' ', 'social channel', ' coupon']
ForSight NewCo
	Developer of pharmaceutical products for use in photo dynamic therapy (PDT), using light-activated drugs to treat disease.
	['', 'pharmaceutical product', ' ', 'photo dynamic theory', ' ', 'light activated drug', '']
PhotoTLC
	Provider of digital photo products. The company\'s digital photo products include photo restorations and photo gifts. The company also provides laser engraved photo crystals and licensed products featuring disney characters and sports themes.
	['', 'personalized photo', ' ', 'digital photo', ' ', 'photo crystal', ' photo ', 'photo restorations', '']
