Frog AGV Systems
	Developer of navigation hardware and software products. The company develops, produces and sells guidance and control systems for freely moving, electronically controlled vehicles.
	['', 'navigation software', ' ', 'navigation hardware', ' ', 'guidance and control  systems', ' ', 'electronically controlled vehicles', ' ', 'automated guided vehicle systems', ' AGV navigation']
Newton Propulsion Technology
	Developer of hybrid propulsion technology based engine. The company\'s product is a hybrid of the gas turbine and of the volumetric internal combustion engine, which can be used in all types of heavy vehicles, sailing craft, aircraft and power stations.
	['', 'hybrid propulsion technology', ' ', 'hybrid engine', ' ', 'industrial supply', ' ', 'volumetric engine', ' ', 'heavy vehicles engine', '']
Alliant Protection Services
	Provider of regional security alarm systems. The company installs and control systems for both residential and commercial customers.
	['', 'burglar alarms', ' ', 'fire detection alarms', ' ', 'video surveillance cameras', ' CCTV']
Marine Cybernetics
	Provider of independent hardware-in-the-loop testing of control systems on ships and offshore installations. The company provides thrust capacity analysis for various weather conditions, thrust failures, thrust locations and thrust vendors.
	['', 'hardware testing', ' ', 'offshore installation', ' ', 'control system', '']
ULS Concept
	Provider of specialized rescue vehicles. The company engages in the sale of rescue vehicles.
	['', 'specialized rescue vehicles', ' ', 'rescue vehicles', ' vehicles']
Cyber-Rain
	Manufacturer of wireless sprinkler control systems for homeowners, property managers, building owners and landscape contractors. The company serves residential and commercial markets. Its sprinkler control systems work through personal computers to automatically adjust the amount of watering based on weather and seasonal conditions.
	['', 'B2B services', ' ', 'consumer products', ' ', 'commercial markets', '']
Equipamientos Europeos 2005
	Manufacturer of commercial vehicles with energy-saving technologies. The company develops and commercializes medium-tonnage trucks for a variety of applications, including firefighting, military operations, forestry and waste collection. Among the company\'s products is a line of vehicles propelled by compressed natural gas (CNG).
	['', 'industrial transportation', ' ', 'pollution', ' ', 'industrial vehicles', '']
Xponent Photonics
	Provider of semiconductor processing technology. The company\'s product Surface Mount Photonics ("SMP"), include a range of triplexers and diplexers for single-fiber applications including point-to-point and bidirectional RF systems.
	['', 'semiconductor processing technology', ' ', 'surface mount photonic', ' semiconductor']
Simulus
	Developer of performance management software for host mainframe systems. The company develops systems for enterprise computer systems that gives companies the chance to eliminate problems before they occur.
	['', 'performance management', ' ', 'host mainframe', ' eliminate']
eMation
	Provider of internet infrastructure for the pervasive computing wave. The company develops software for applications involving remote control and access to computer-embedded systems, such as electric appliances and medical equipments.
	['', 'internet infrastructure', ' ', 'remote control', ' ', 'visual information', ' computing']
Agile Systems
	Manufacturer of energy-efficient electronic controls for electric motors. The company designs and develops advanced motion control technology including motor control and power conversion. The company caters to broad range of industries including semiconductor, life science, robotics, automation equipment, automotive, industrial machinery and alternative energy.
	['', 'energy-efficient technology', ' ', 'motion control', ' ', 'power conversion', '']
Plexpress
	Developer of novel gene expression analysis systems. The company is developing and marketing novel gene expression analysis assay called TRAC which helps to serve a range of applications and experimental systems, including ADME-Tox screening and disease research. Plexpress was established as a spinoff from the Finnish Technology Research Center (VTT) in 2007.
	['', 'analysis system', ' ', 'novel gene expression analysis', ' ', 'disease research', '']
New Eagle
	Provider of mechatronic control systems. The company develops electronic control modules for a range of applications, including electric & hybrid vehicles, autonomous vehicles, intelligent machines, hydraulic systems and engine systems.
	['', 'mechatronic control system', ' ', 'control system', ' ', 'electronic control module', '']
Intrexon
	Developer of biotherapeutic control systems. The company\'s technology involves the use of DNA as the natural control modality for the delivery, targeting, activation, regulation and location of biological therapeutics.
	['', 'biotherapeutic control system', ' ', 'synthetic biology', ' ', 'biotechnology', ' ', 'DNA control systems', '']
LEDON OLED Lighting
	Provider of services for the development of innovative lighting modules. The company develops modules for use in professional applications.
	['', 'lighting module', ' ', 'lighting component', ' ', 'electric utility', '']
FSB
	Developer of remote-control systems for devices connected to the electric network. The company is an integrator of hardware and software systems for remote control of lighting, temperature, security and other parameters associated with the management of buildings, equipment and general environment. The company is capable of managing and controlling, through the Internet, any equipment or device connected to the power grid.
	['', 'software system', ' ', 'remote control', ' ', 'technology system', ' ', 'Building Management', ' ', 'building automation', '']
Eldat Communication
	Developer of Electronic Shelf Label (ESL) systems. The company develops electronic defense systems and integrated circuit designs.
	['', 'information technology', ' ', 'defense systems', ' ', 'circuit designs', '']
Aptera
	Manufacturer of passenger vehicles. The company is a maker of high-efficiency vehicles. It offers three wheeler cars.
	['', 'passenger vehicle', ' ', 'efficiency vehicle', ' ', 'three wheeler car', '']
