Clinsoft Corporation
	Provider of clinical research systems. The company\'s technology enabled companies to streamline business processes, while ensuring the highest data quality.
	['', 'database management', ' ', 'events tracking', ' ', 'clinical application', '']
Imanext
	Operator of a contract  research organization. The company operates in the field of functional imaging and provides insights on the non-clinical and clinical applications for drug development to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.
	['', 'functional imaging', ' research ', 'molecular imaging', ' ', 'nonclinical imaging', ' ', 'clinical imaging service', '']
1747
	Provider of web enabled systems to conduct clinical trials directly with participants. The company\'s product aims to clarify participant’s eligibility, aggregates their informed consent, and enrolls them for clinical trials using the internet.
	['', 'clinical trial', ' ', 'web enabled system', ' ', 'direct-to-participant', ' ', 'enrolment systems', '']
Swiss Pharma Contract
	Provider of clinical research services to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical-device industries. The company offers a variety of clinical pharmacology services ranging from first testing in man to post-marketing studies.
	['', 'clinical research', ' ', 'clinical pharmacology', ' pharmaceutical']
IBAH
	Provider of complete range of development services to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries. The company\'s services are designed to help clients accelerate products from discovery through development more efficiently and cost- effectively.
	['', 'development services', ' ', 'medical device', '']
Phase Forward
	Provider of  integrated clinical research suite of enterprise-level software products, services, and hosted services worldwide. The company\'s services are used in clinical trial and drug safety monitoring applications in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies; and academic institutions, governmental regulatory agencies, contract research organizations and other entities engaged in clinical trial and drug safety monitoring activities.
	['', 'data capture', ' ', 'clinical research suite', ' ', 'clinical data management', '']
Citizen1
	Provider of research and development services for pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. The company offers clinical trials and drug development information. It provides TrialTrove, which delivers ongoing clinical trials information; SiteTrove, which tracks and maintains detailed profiles; TrialScape, which provides graphical representation of clinical trial timelines; and CustomAnalytics for design and implementation of planned trials.
	['', 'pharmaceutical research', ' ', 'clinical trials information', ' ', 'drug development information', ' ', 'biotechnology research', '']
