SironaHealth
	Provider of healthcare communication technology and service. The company developed the IntelliView system using proprietary software that runs on industry standards operating platforms.
	['', 'communication technology', ' ', 'healthcare communication', ' ', 'proprietary software', ' ', 'industry standard', ' ', 'operating platform', '']
CompassCare
	Provider of cost and treatment delivery management software for the healthcare industry. The company develops software in connection with management of healthcare data.
	['', 'healthcare software', ' ', 'healthcare data solution', ' ', 'data management', '']
Delos WomensHealth
	Provider of healthcare services to women.
	['', 'gynocology', ' ', 'Obstetrics', '']
Health Market Science
	Provider of data integration and analytic software for the health care industry. The company supplies data on healthcare professionals and operates a practitioner-level medical claims database in the U.S. Its data assets also help its clients deal with government compliance, reduce operational costs and more.
	['', 'federal compliance', ' ', 'healthcare information', ' ', 'federal regulation compliance', ' ', 'customer data validation', '']
Awarix
	Provider of communications and reporting tools to hospitals. The company\'s technology allow operational and administrative staff quick access to information across the healthcare enterprise.
	['', 'communication reporting', ' ', 'healthcare hospital administration', ' ', 'patient care', '']
CompanDX
	Developer of in-house data analysis algorithms to identify patterns in healthcare datasets. The company applies its technology to clinical-trial and medical-sample data to find disease markers and help drug developers in creating approved drugs.
	['', 'data analysis', ' ', 'healthcare data', ' ', 'medical sample', ' algorithms SaaS']
Digital Healthcare
	Provider of healthcare information technology. The company provides image management and storage solutions for the Ophthalmology sector with core competencies in clinical information and patient care management.
	['', 'ophthalmology', ' ', 'healthcare technology', '']
Circle Health
	Provider of healthcare services. The company operates hospitals, outpatient clinics and community services throughout the U.K., including Bath, Reading, Nottingham, Hinchingbrooke and Stratford-upon-Avon. Its services include various surgical treatments, rheumatology, diabetes & endocrinology, gynecology, orthopedics, laser treatments and physiotherapy.
	['', 'healthcare services', ' ', 'clinical services', '']
HealthSynq
	Provider of healthcare cost containment facilities.
	['', 'healthcare cost', '']
Healthcare Data Solutions
	Provider of healthcare data services. The company allows users to license the data they need and send it to communication destination.
	['', 'healthcare data', ' ', 'healthcare information', ' ', 'healthcare provider postal', '']
Point-of-Care Systems
	Operator of healthcare information data capture system. The company captures point-of-care data for the home healthcare industry.
	['', 'Healthcare information data', ' ', 'healthcare industry', '']
