Kerensen Consulting
	Provider of business consulting services. The company provides management consulting, business solutions, and technology services to manage the business challenges and technological complexity.
	['', 'cloud technology', ' ', 'cloud consulting', ' ', 'cloud computing', '']
Supplybase
	Provider of e-Business solutions. The company through its internet and various distribution channels, delivers information and tools to purchasing, engineering, design and sourcing professionals.
	['', 'e-Business', '']
Solid Information Technology
	Provider of proprietary database products. The company also provides various consulting services, which include technical assessment, proof of concept and database and application migration services.
	['', 'database products', ' ', 'business consulting', ' ', 'application migration service', '']
Aegis Media Europe
	Provider of research tools and client support services. The company offers business consulting based on the research data.
	['', 'research tool', ' ', 'client support', ' ', 'business consulting', '']
E-Tech Solutions
	Provider of eSolutions through its life cycle services approach to other enterprises. The company also offers business architecture, user experience, infrastructure management, e-business and mobility solutions. The company primarily provides technology solutions so that a company get the most from its interactions with employees, partners and customers.
	['', 'technology solution', ' eSolutions  e-business']
TellSell Consulting
	Operator of a sales-consulting company with a focus on the German market. The company specializes in new business development and models, sales consulting and optimization and customer processes.
	['', 'management consultancy', ' ', 'consulting firm', ' ', 'management advice', '']
Quantiq Technology
	Provider of business consulting services. The company offers various business and technology services mainly to mid-sized companies and larger enterprises throughout the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific.
	['', 'business consultancy', ' ', 'business consulting service', ' ', 'Business Management Consulting', '']
Team Trade
	Provider of business consulting and information technology services. The company is engaged in providing consultancy and software integrated services for the financial services industry.
	['', 'integrated software', ' ', 'infrastructure software', ' ', 'administration software', ' ', 'system integration', '']
Ambiensis
	Provider of comprehensive development support for new sustainable technologies in the agricultural and environmental sectors. The company provides assistance to business propositions in the areas of finance, product and process development, marketing and business management.
	['environment', 'agricultural sector', ' ', 'process development', ' ', 'business management', '']
Tectura North America
	Provider of business consulting services. The company offers training programs for Microsoft Dynamics AX that supports multiple languages and currencies for sustained relevance across geographies; Microsoft Dynamics GP for financial and operational functionality; Microsoft Dynamics NAV that delivers industry-specific functionality along with multi-language and multi-site capabilities; Microsoft Dynamics SL for professional and field services and construction management organizations and Microsoft Dynamics CRM, a customer relationship management service.
	['', 'business consulting service', ' ', 'business technology service', ' ', 'enterprise resource planning', '']
Haley Systems
	Provider of a software for business rules management systems. The company provides cycle times associated with automating business rules, such as policies, procedures, regulations and logic. It also offers consulting, training, and support services.
	['', 'business rules management', ' ', 'cycle time', ' ', 'business rule', ' consulting ', 'rule based application', ' ', 'automating business rule', '']
BroadReach Partners
	Provider of business development consulting services. The company provides business development consulting services like sales pipeline development, prospect nurturing and conversion, and field marketing integration to businesses to improve their efficiency.
	['', 'sales development', ' ', 'revenue improvement', ' ', 'financial consultancy service', '']
Canopy
	Provider of business-to-business integration services. The company helps its clients in maximizing their investments in e-business technology.
	['', 'integration services', ' ', 'e-business technology', ' ', 'investment maximization', '']
