GeckoGo
	Operator of an online travel website. The company provides travel website for travelers which enables them to post, discuss and read travel information and reviews. It also develops travel applications for mobile phones.
	['', 'travel application', ' ', 'travel website', ' ', 'travel resource', '']
Zebido.com
	Operator of an auction website.
	['auction']
Reverb Technologies
	Operator of an online dictionary website. The company operates a dictionary which offers information on words, as well as allows users to place their opinions about words.
	['', 'online dictionary', ' ', 'social content', ' ', 'dictionary website', '']
Offbeat Guides
	Provider of travel guides to travel industry enterprise. The company\'s technology provide the most recent information about the destination.
	['', 'travel guide', ' ', 'travel industry', ' ', 'information provider', '']
Truth Soft
	Operator of a mobile-application development studio. The company provides travel applications for iPhone and Android devices.
	['', 'subway map', ' ', 'travel guide', ' ', 'consumer product', '']
KAYAK Software
	Provider of a travel search engine. The company allows users to book flights, hotels, vacations, cars and deals directly, as well as through online agencies. It searches and displays information from various travel sites, which include prices and itineraries from airlines, hotels, rental car companies and cruise lines.
	['', 'travel search engine', ' ', 'online travel agency', ' ', 'pay per click advertising', ' ', 'travel site', ' ', 'travel website', ' ', 'online travel', ' ', 'travel deals', ' ', 'travel agency', '']
iXAir
	Provider of private jet travel. The company provides private jet travel for business, as well as guidance before purchase, financing solutions and leasing offers and contract negotiation.
	['', 'jet travel', ' ', 'private jet', ' ', 'airplane', '']
Travelmenu
	Operator of an online travel agency. The company operates as a hotel booking engine and provides online retail of travel products, including hotels, flights and package holidays.
	['', 'online travel agency', ' ', 'hotel booking', ' ', 'package tour', '']
Tuniu.com
	Provider of online travel services for travelers departing from the Chinese cities Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzen. The company provides online booking and information services for airlines, hotels, car rentals, vacation and tour package deals.
	['', 'travel management', ' ', 'online booking', ' reservation ', 'travel service', ' ', 'online travel', ' ', 'vacation package', '']
GetThere
	Operator of online corporate travel and collaboration solution. The company provides platform for reservation of rail,car,hotels online. The company combines travel, collaboration and expense solutions to help corporations connect and grow business.
	['', 'global service infrastructure', ' travel']
Hotwire
	Provider of discount travel services. The company offers deep discounts from its travel suppliers to help travelers book unsold airline seats, hotel rooms, and rental cars.
	['discount ', 'rental car', ' ', 'hotel rooms', ' airline ', 'discount airfare', ' ', 'discount travel', '']
Woo Media
	Operator of online dating website. The company\'s website allows to meet people online based on one\'s interests.
	['', 'online dating', ' ', 'social networking', '']
Fly.pl
	Provider of online travel services. The company is the provider of a Polish-language booking site for international flights and travel packages.
	['', 'travel services', ' ', 'holiday packages', ' ', 'airline tickets', ' ', 'online travel', ' ', 'booking site', ' ', 'international travel', '']
WorldMate
	Developer of mobile travel itinerary management platform. The company\'s platform collates structured itineraries by recognizing and then parsing confirmation emails from all significant travel providers worldwide. It provides travelers with services such as itinerary updates and changes, flight delays and cancellations.
	['', 'mobile travel software', ' ', 'android application', ' ', 'personal travel assistant', ' ', 'business travel', '']
Chang Xiang Hangzhou Network Technology Co.
	Provider of travel management services to businesses. The company operates a site that provides travel services including travel management and travel credit for firms, non-profit entities and governments. It also provides hotel and air ticket booking services for enterprises.
	['', 'travel management', ' ', 'travel services', ' ', 'travel credit', ' ', 'ticket booking', '']
Vamo Labs
	Provider of online travel planning. The company offers a website enabling users to book a full vacation or business trip online.
	['', 'online hotel reservation', ' ', 'travel and tourism', ' ', 'flight booking', '']
Mobile Travel Technologies
	Provider of mobile technology platform for airlines and corporate travel industry. The company\'s products enable the airlines, hotel chains and travel intermediaries to provide their services to travelers via mobile phones and devices.
	['', 'mobile travel platform', ' ', 'global travel industry', ' ', 'mobile technology', ' ', 'corporate travel management', '']
TravelShark
	Provider of an online global travel network that comprises of location-based travel Websites for destinations around the globe. The company channels global travel consumers directly to hotels, restaurants, resorts, spas, casinos, car rental agencies, and private aviation firms worldwide. It serves hospitality companies and traveling consumers.
	['', 'travel network', ' ', 'rental agency', ' ', 'hospitality company', ' ', 'aviation firm', ' ', 'traveling consumer', '']
