Fidelisoft
	Provider of stored-value transaction platform that supercharges various aspects of loyalty initiatives, which range from points programs and gift cards to eCoupons for users to offer the program enhancements to their customers. The company offers reward delivery at the point-of-sale, loyalty programs, and gift cards, as well as eCoupons, eTickets, eWallets, and eTokens; and various program design, program management, return on investment assessment and data mining services.
	['', 'transaction platform', ' ', 'loyalty initiative', ' ', 'loyalty program', ' ', 'gift card', ' ', 'e ticket', ' ', 'e coupon', ' ', 'e wallet', ' ', 'e token', ' ', 'program management', ' ', 'data miming service', '']
Giftly
	Developer of a mobile gifting application. The company providers online gift cards through digital and mobile commerce. It allows users to create a customized gift card.
	['', 'gift card', ' ', 'gift idea', ' ', 'online gift card', ' ', 'gift card market', ' ', 'mobile gifting application', ' ', 'digital card', '']
Cardpool
	Provider of a marketplace for customers to buy, sell, swap and trade gift cards. The company provides cards under various categories, including automotive and travel, books and entertainment, clothing, electronics, health and beauty, home furnishings, jewelry, office supplies, restaurants, supermarkets and sporting goods.
	['', 'gift card', ' ', 'giftcard trading', ' ', 'unwanted giftcard', '']
Retailo
	Operator of European third party prepaid card network. The company\'s products such as gift cards, virtual gift vouchers and online shopping cards are available at multiple point-of-sales such as stores, flower shops and petrol stations where the gift cards of various brands can be easily bought for special occasions. The company, in addition to offline sales also offers electronic vouchers via SMS or MMS through their website.
	['', 'prepaid card', ' ', 'gift card', ' ', 'online shopping card', '']
One4all Gift Cards
	Creator of national multi-store gift voucher and gift card. The company supplies gift cards and gift vouchers in the public and corporate market.
	['', 'reward scheme', ' ', 'incentive scheme', ' ', 'gift card', ' ', 'gift voucher', ' gift']
Lottay
	Provider of online gifting solutions.
	['', 'online gift', ' ', 'personalized message', ' ', 'personalized gift', '']
Enigma Semiconductor
	Operator of a semiconductor company. The company provides semiconductors for switching systems for network and storage. It also provides line card and backplane systems up to 6.25G link speed and up to 1x40G line card speeds.
	['', 'chassis equipment', ' ', 'crossbar switches', ' ', 'fabric managers', ' chipset']
RocketCash
	Provider of online incentive programs. The company is an online gateway that enables consumers to shop and buy online at merchant websites without a credit card, in a secure, family-friendly environment. It developed the RocketCash Currency Exchange, which allows consumers to aggregate various forms of currencies, including online incentive dollars, offline promotional points, gift certificates, money orders, personal checks and U.S. dollars.
	['', 'online gateway', ' ', 'e-commerce', '']
GetGifted
	Developer of a merchant based gifting platform. The company offers a platform for merchants to introduce themselves to local consumers with a gift, which the users can redeem in store through their smartphone.
	['', 'gifting platform', ' ', 'merchant based service', ' ', 'local consumer', '']
Egreetings Network
	Provider of an online card and entertainment web site. The company\'s web site offers approximately 7,000 online cards that incorporated graphics, animations, and music. The company also merchandises a selection of gifts and digital gift certificates. It, on behalf of its business customers, provides business-to-business services, including the creation and distribution of communication products to their employees, customers, and partners; and licenses its software platform to partner web sites involved in viral marketing of online cards.
	['', 'digital gift certificate', ' ', 'viral marketing', ' ', 'gift certificate', '']
Transmo
	Developer of automated fare collection and smart-card systems. The company designs and supplies a wide range of products which are used on buses, trams, ferries and station platforms for processing smart cards. Hardware products include driver consoles, on-board smart card processors, handheld card readers, gate adaption kits, platform smart card processors, smart-card office terminals and add-value machines.
	['', 'smart card', ' ', 'smart card scheme', ' ', 'travel management scheme', ' travel']
Analog Analytics
	Provider of an online, mobile, print and alternative media coupons and gift certificates for local publishers and advertisers. The company also provides interactive display coupons and gift certificates; coupons and gift certificates for interactive display, mobile text, print, TV, motion pictures, radio and billboards; integrated mobile telephony platform with content delivery and optimized local search from handsets; and self service coupon and gift certificate content management and marketing; and comprehensive analytics and reporting services.
	['', 'mobile telephony platform', ' ', 'gift certificate', ' ', 'interactive display coupon', '']
Quippi
	Developer of a platform for users to buy gift and shopping cards online. The company sells redeemable gift cards to its users which is aimed at international money transfers.
	['', 'international shopping card', ' ', 'gift card', ' ', 'international money transfer', ' ', 'international gift card', '']
Plastic Jungle
	Operator of an online gift-card exchange. The company provides a platform enabling customers to swap, exchange or convert their unwanted gift cards into airline miles or shopping points at various retailers.
	['', 'preloaded gift card', ' ', 'online trading', ' ', 'gift card', '']
FreeMonee
	Provider of consumer gift incentives. The company enables merchants to give gifts directly to individual credit and debit cardholders through participating financial institutions.
	['', 'gift network', ' ', 'gift card', ' ', 'cash gift', '']
Camdens
	Operator of an online gift store. The company targets the upscale corporate gift market. It offers wines, gourmet foods and other executive business gift items.
	['', 'corporate gift', ' ', 'online gift', ' ', 'gift retailer', '']
