Discovery Engine
	Developer of an internet search engine. The company offers an interaction model of search engine that also can also compile information from multiple sources.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'internet search engine', ' SEO']
Accelerator Sciences
	Provider of a search platform for entire suite of science resources. The company offers a search gateway which includes research & development results, project descriptions and accomplishments.
	['', 'search platform', ' ', 'search gateway', ' ', 'science information', '']
Exalead
	Provider of a search software for business and the web. The company provides a unified search technology platform for desktop, intranet or web search which provides users with a single access point to information, regardless of format or location.
	['data-center ', 'information access platform', ' scalability']
WiseNut
	Provider of search engine and Web-browsing services. The company is the developer of a crawler-based search engine and database of indexed Web pages.
	['', 'search engine technology', ' ', 'web browsing', ' ', 'internet search', '']
Cue
	Provider of search engine that runs through the cloud data. The company\'s search engine turns the accounts an individual depends on, like email, contacts and calendar, into a snapshot of the day. It also enhances existing calendar by automatically connecting events to related phone numbers, people and addresses.
	['', 'cloud data', ' ', 'search engine', ' ', 'connecting event', '']
Guruji.com
	Operator of a crawler-based search engine that identifies Web content for Indian launches and language search. The company\'s search engine is available for PCs and mobile devices and covers a variety of topics, including news, entertainment, travel, astrology, literature, business, and education.
	['', 'search engine', '']
Goshme Solucoes Para a Internet
	Developer and provider of search engine. The company assists users by providing a list of all search engines and databases appropriate to the query, ranked by relevance, divided by categories and sub-categories, and with a brief description about each search engine.
	['', 'search engine', ' databases ', 'Web Search', '']
Peryskop.pl
	Provider of an online search engine. The company provides semantic search engine for products and product\'s reviews in Polish and English.
	['', 'online search', ' ', 'online product search', ' ', 'semantic search engine', '']
HyWire
	Provider of search engine services for forwarding, classification, billing and security applications. The company develops IP-core & hardware solutions for improving networking equipment performance.
	['', 'routing equipment', ' ', 'search engine service', ' ', 'security application', '']
BackType
	Operator of a search engine that enables the users to find, follow, and share comments from blogs and social news sites on the Web. The company also enables to search query results by RSS feeds and emails.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'social impact', ' ', 'analytics platform', ' ', 'social impact analysis', ' ', 'social analytics platform', '']
Milewise
	Provider of a search engine for frequent fliers. The company\'s search engine is designed for fliers that helps to pay for using cash, airline miles and credit card points. It tracks all rewards in one place.
	['', 'traveling reward program', ' ', 'frequent fliers', ' ', 'traveling reward', '']
JustSpotted
	Provider of real time search engine. The company\'s search engine aggregates and organizes content being shared on the internet. It offers search options on entertainment, technology, sports, world and business, science, gaming, politics and lifestyle topics.
	['', 'realtime search engine', ' ', 'internet content', ' ', 'entertainment search option', '']
Leap.it
	Owner and operator of visual search and collaboration platform. The company\'s platform allows searchers to edit, share and impact search results across the web. Its key differentiators include searching algorithms real time based on current happenings, helping consumers curate & share visual search results through collaborative effort and being contextual as curated search pages can be embedded at point of content.
	['', 'web search', ' ', 'mobile search', ' browsing ', 'mobile search platform', '']
Dwellable
	Operator of mobile based vacation rental search engine. The company provides a mobile application for users to find rental accommodation for their vacation trips.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'rental place', ' accommodation']
Delver
	Developer of a social search engine to help users to find content, media and people within their network.
	['', 'social search engine', ' ', 'social network search', ' ', 'people search', '']
