Signature Labs
	Developer of a mobile shopping assistant and shopping application. The company provides a way to make connections and share discoveries of new products and services.
	['', 'shopping assistant', ' ', 'shopping application', ' ', 'mobile shopping', ' ', 'product sharing', ' ', 'service sharing', '']
SurgeryEdu
	Developer of a mobile application which provides brief 3D interactive procedure animation. The company helps healthcare professionals to educate patients about medical procedures using 3D interactive animations through tablet based mobile applications.
	['', 'education application', ' animation ', 'doctor-patient communication', ' ', 'medical device', '']
SocialStudio
	Developer of a mobile application. The company\'s application enables users to creates collaborative videos by compiling multiple videos into a single clip.
	['', 'video builder application', ' ', 'collaborative video', ' ', 'video making application', ' ', 'video platform', '']
Lalalab
	Provider of photo printing application. The company provides an application that allows its users to print their photos directly from their phone and receive the prints a few days after ordering them.
	['', 'mobile commerce', ' ', 'photo printing', ' ', 'photo printing application', '']
Directr
	Provider of a mobile application for creating videos. The company\'s application provides users with the ability to create movies on their phones.
	['', 'video application', ' ', 'movie creation', ' ', 'video editing', ' ', 'mobile video', '']
Viddyou
	Provider of custom-built video service that allows users to archive and express their life in short-form videos.
	['', 'video publishing', ' ', 'video sharing', ' ', 'video hosting solution', ' ', 'videoblogging', '']
Beeem
	Developer of mobile applications for picture sharing. The application developed by company allows users to caption the pictures. It\'s application lets users write over photos and turn them into stories.
	['', 'mobile application', ' ', 'online picture sharing', ' ', 'picture captioning', ' ', 'photo application', ' ', 'photo captioning', '']
Nukona
	Provider of mobile application management technologies. The company\' application center is an end-to-end mobile information management and security service, enabling enterprises to secure, deploy and manage native and web applications and content on corporate-owned and personal devices.
	['', 'mobile application management', ' ', 'mobile information management', ' ', 'web applications', '']
Endemic Mobile
	Provider of an application for sharing web content with others. The company allows its users to search for animated or still pictures, videos and to deliver them to friends through the application.
	['', 'mobile message', ' ', 'visual entertainment', ' ', 'video and image', ' ', 'funny picture', ' ', 'photo sharing', '']
Klip
	Developer of a mobile application. The company\'s application allows users to share videos with others.
	['', 'mobile video streaming', ' ', 'mobile video sharing', ' ', 'mobile video editing', ' ', 'mobile video platform', '']
Instagram
	Provider of an online photograph sharing application. The company provides a free photo sharing application that allows users to take photos, apply a filter and share it on the service or a variety of other social networking services, including Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, Tumblr, Flickr and Posterous. Its application is compatible with any iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch running iOS 3.1.2 or above or any Android device running Android 2.2 or above.
	['', 'photo sharing', ' ', 'photo app', ' ', 'photo editing', '']
Tomfoolery
	Developer of mobile application software.  The company provides mobile software to consumers and businesses across a wide array of sectors.
	['', 'mobile software', ' ', 'consumer quality', ' ', 'enterprise application', '']
Streamweaver
	Developer of multi-angle mobile video application. It allows users to record videos together with their friends. The videos can then be combined to show multiple angles simultaneously in a single split-screen video.
	['', 'mobile video application', ' ', 'multi angle video', ' ', 'split screen synchronicity', '']
FasterLighterBetter
	Provider of a tipping and appreciation services. The company\'s application allows fans a one-click option to support content authors in their work.
	['', 'IT Services', '']
Emerald Exam
	Developer of an exam administration software. The company\'s application offers paperless exams to address the many issues that arise with hand-written examinations and also prevents cheating.
	['', 'hand-written examinations', ' examination ', 'examination software', ' ', 'paperless exams', '']
Indicee
	Provider of a platform that helps business users to organize, analyze and share business data in an online community. The company operates an online application that allows users to merge data from various business systems, reports and spreadsheets, as well as analyze and share that data with co-workers, colleagues and customers in an online environment.
	['', 'business sharing', ' ', 'data analysis', ' ', 'data sharing', ' ', 'data merge', '']
Enterproid
	Provider of an application enabling smartphone users to switch between work and personal use on their devices. The company offers Divide, a BYOD application  enabling users to transform their smartphones into enterprise-ready mobile devices. The platform offers multiple profile support, productivity applications and personal and IT cloud management.
	['', 'cloud management', ' ', 'enterprise security', ' ', 'secure mobile platform', ' ', 'enterprise mobility', '']
NodeFly Systems
	Provider of infrastructure and application monitoring service. The company allows users to add, remove and monitor servers with the click of a mouse.
	['', 'application monitoring', ' ', 'infrastructure monitoring', ' ', 'workload management', ' ', 'application server', ' ', 'application management', '']
Urbantag
	Provider of a community to share and recommend places to people. The company\'s application allows users to build lists and then share them with friends, either online or on iPhone, they can then create their own lists or provide input to your own, giving recommendations for where to go or where not to go.
	['', 'local discovery', ' ', 'place recommendation', ' ', 'place sharing', ' ', 'map network', '']
Juice Wireless
	Developer of mobile marketing programs. The company operates JuiceCaster, a mobile and online social media community that allows users to connect with friends, as well as post and share photos and videos from mobile phones.
	['', 'mobile marketing program', ' ', 'social media community', ' ', 'mobile media', ' ', 'mobile photo sharing', '']
Copygram
	Developer of a Web-based application for Instagram photos. The company provides an application that allows users to download, share and print Instagram pictures.
	['', 'multimedia and design', ' ', 'instagram', '']
Jotspot
	Provider of wiki based application. The company enable users to create, publish and share collaborative and personalized wiki applications which include project manager, for managing projects; bug reporter, for tracking bugs; live, for group note taking; and a blogging application.
	['', 'wiki applications', ' ', 'bug reporter', ' blog']
LayerVault
	Developer of a cloud based application that manages revisions, store files and help designers to collaborate around designs. The company\'s application allow designers to store, back up and track designs as they go through revisions and allows them to deliver their work to collaborators and clients.
	['', 'design tracking', ' ', 'file storage', ' ', 'cloud data', ' ', 'visual search function', ' ', 'design collaboration', '']
Wiffledan
	Developer of photo capturing application. The company finds amazing photos hidden inside video through the power of technology. It is supported by an iOS app.
	['', 'photo capturing application', ' ', 'photo framing application', ' ', 'photo application', '']
HopStop.com
	Developer of a mobile application for pedestrian-friendly directions and information. The company is the creator of a mobile application that provides door-to-door transit, walking, biking, taxi and hourly car-rental directions in more than 300 cities. It is available for mobile phones and tablets.
	['', 'driving software', ' ', 'driving application', ' ', 'location based software', ' ', 'subway directions', '']
Trestle
	Provider of a set of cloud based mobile application that allows mobile applications to store and manipulate data. The company provides chain server as well as the custom node JS service for creating custom mobile application.
	['', 'custom mobile application', ' ', 'chain server', ' ', 'custom node', '']
Meh Labs
	Developer of a self-destructing mobile messaging application. The company\'s application allows its users to share anonymous, self-destructing, secret chats with their friends. It also helps in recording audio, sending texts, making videos and snapping photos. The company originally provided Kismet, a social networking application that enabled users to meet and chat with their friends.
	['', 'mobile messaging', ' ', 'social connect', ' ', 'self-destructing texts', ' ', 'messaging application', ' ', 'secret chat', ' ', 'photo snapping', '']
Uppidy
	Provider of mobile application services. The company\'s application lets users save, search and share their sms and text messages, backup, search and view their messages in real time.
	['', 'mobile application', ' ', 'message sharing', ' ', 'texting application', ' ', 'message viewing application', '']
ShopSavvy
	Developer of mobile shopping comparison application. The company develops a mobile application that allows consumers to scan UPC, EAN or QR barcodes to obtain in-store price comparisons and inventory information spanning local and online retailers.
	['', 'mobile shopping', ' ', 'shopping comparison', ' ', 'barcode scanner', ' ', 'mobile commerce', '']
KKing
	Developer of karaoke application. The company offers a platform to upload and share karoke through mobile phones.
	['', 'mobile app', ' ', 'karaoke application', '']
Backchat
	Developer and provider of application based social platform for communication. The company\'s application allows friends to share and communicate each others feedback, opinions, feelings and ideas.
	['', 'application platform', ' ', 'human communication', ' ', 'personal feedback', '']
SnapGuide
	Provider of an iOS application and web service for sharing "how to" guides. The company\'s platform enables users to share and consume instructional knowledge on a variety of topics - from automotive repairs to cheesecake. The platform can be deployed on mobile devices.
	['', 'instruction guide', ' ', 'video guide', ' ', 'how to guide', ' ', 'voice recognition', ' ', 'web service', '']
Collective.li
	Developer of a multimedia social platform. The company offers a mobile application which enables users to uploaded images, videos and share in the form of a digital magazine.
	['', 'digital magazine', ' ', 'share photos', ' ', 'share videos', '']
RallyCause
	Provider of mobile commerce services by connecting affinity groups to local businesses. The company provides an application which allows people to enroll for a cause and when they shop at participating businesses in the cause, they claim an instant rebate with their smart phones, which enables them to contribute savings to one of the causes featured in the app.
	['', 'mobile commerce', ' ', 'fund raising', '']
LearnShark
	Developer of a platform for companies to capture, track, and share learning across their organization. The company has built social software that allows users to upload web links, files from DropBox, GitHub, Evernote and other services so that employees can connect with one another over content.
	['', 'IT Services', '']
TrustGo Mobile
	Developer of free mobile security application. The company\'s application provides virus protection to find and eradicate applications that can compromise user\'s personal data and privacy. It allows mobile device users to search, monitor, detect and prevent harmful applications and protect mobile devices.
	['', 'mobile security application', ' ', 'virus protection', ' ', 'personal data privacy', ' ', 'mobile device protection', ' ', 'melware detection', '']
Swarm
	Developer of a mobile application for retailers. The company\'s application enables brick and mortar retailers to engage with in store shoppers and provides shopper interaction analytics.
	['', 'retailer mobile-application', ' ', 'mobile shopping', ' ', 'price comparison', ' ', 'customer engagement', ' ', 'customer analytic', '']
Turf
	Provider of gaming application. The company provides a platform where the game is et in the real world where users hang out with friends, amass gold coins, and acquire goods and properties in a battle to tame surroundings. The company provides the users to spend coins earned to purchase virtual versions of the property, then enhance it with upgrades to increase its value, collecting more coins when others visit.
	['', 'gaming application', '']
SimpleHoney
	Provider of a mobile application. The company offers its users with an application to make their wish list of the places and things they wish for and  provide shopping packages accordingly.
	['', 'wish list', ' ', 'mobile product', ' ', 'mobile shooping application', '']
Tiny Pictures
	Operator of a mobile media-sharing site called Radar. The company\'s services help users to share mobile photos and videos to its site through e-mail and mobile messaging. It develops applications that enable users to share videos and images to others across mobile networks and social networking platforms.
	['', 'mobile photo', ' ', 'media sharing', ' ', 'photo sharing', ' ', 'mobile video', ' ', 'mobile messaging', ' ', 'video sharing', ' ', 'social network', '']
Airseed
	Developer of a platform providing consumer data-focused tools, analytics and intelligence. The company has created a software platform that for developers provides rich intelligence and analytics on consumer users of the product. For consumers, the company provides a mobile application that automatically finds upcoming flights and enables simple flight checkins. The application also enables users to share travel itineraries with friends and family.
	['', 'developer platform', ' ', 'consumer data', ' ', 'software platform', '']
Rockpack
	Provider of a video-curation application. The company is the developer of a mobile application for video downloads, curating video content from around the Web and enabling users to create their own channels for receiving it.
	['', 'video curation application', ' ', 'video platform', ' ', 'curate video', ' ', 'share collection', '']
Stamped
	Provider of an application platform to let people record and share recommendations of their favorite things. The company provides a web application that allows its users to share and recommend things like restaurants, books, movies, music and more with their friends.
	['', 'buy book', ' ', 'movie ticket', ' ', 'restaurant menu', ' ', 'download music', ' ', 'web application', ' ', 'recommendation sharing', '']
Cooliris
	Developer of browser add on that transforms user’s browser into full screen to view online photos and videos. The company offers a mobile and web application that allows users to take pictures at events and share them in one live photostream.
	['', 'internet application', ' ', 'browser add on', ' ', 'online photo', '']
Todoroo
	Developer of an android application for preparing a social to-do list. The company\'s application allows its users to organize their goals and share ideas. It acts as a social productivity platform.
	['', 'android application', ' ', 'mobile application', ' ', 'productivity application', '']
Chief Technology Advisors
	Creator of social media application enabling users to share opinions, enhanced by mood indicators. The company is the creator of a mobile application that enables users to tag an emotion with each post, by selecting a representative mood color for the tag. The application allows Facebook and Twitter integrations.
	['', 'social media application', ' emotion ', 'share opinions', '']
