American Overseas Group
	Provider of non-standard auto insurance. The company operates as a professional reinsurer through subsidiaries in Bermuda and Barbados, provides management services in the U.S. and offers captive management services in Bermuda and Barbados.
	['', 'auto insurance', ' ', 'management services', ' ', 'professional reinsurer', '']
Insurers World
	Insurers World has been a chosen partner of insurance companies to establish accurate LKQ and indemnity, incomparable to other industry services.
	['']
Lysanda
	Developer of advanced telematics and infomatics technology to the automotive sector. The company develops driver-analysis and driver identification technologies utilized by OEM automotive manufacturers, fleet operators and insurance companies. The company is the creator of the Eco-Log, a plug-and-play device designed to reduce vehicle-fleet running costs by providing data of fuel consumption and wastage.
	['', 'fuel emission', ' ', 'fuel consumption', ' ', 'fuel wastage', ' pollution ', 'fleet operator', ' OEM']
LifeEnsured
	Operator of an organization which manages digital accounts of the deceased. The company partners with websites, estate planners, funeral homes, insurance companies and government organizations to ensure an individual’s internet accounts, digital assets and content are transferred or removed according to their wishes or those of surviving family members.
	['', 'online account', ' ', 'digital assets', ' ', 'digital content', ' ', 'digital account management', '']
Toroleo
	Provider of a price and product comparison platform for the automotive sector. The company allows users to compare prices for products such as vehicle parts, accessories, tires, rims and car insurances from multiple retailers. It also provides comparison services for auto insurance and car-rental services. Its platform also functions as a marketing channel for automotive-related businesses.
	['', 'product comparison', ' ', 'price comparison', ' ', 'vehicle car', ' ', 'rental car', ' ', 'car insurance', '']
Insurancewide.com Services
	Provider of online insurance comparison services. The company designs different insurance services to help customers find the best insurance on the internet to match their individual needs. It uses InsuranceWizard technology to compare prices and also identify individual requirements.
	['', 'insurance comparison', ' ', 'insurance wizard', ' ', 'price comparison', '']
Greenergetic
	Provider of online tools for configuring photovoltaic systems at home. The company offers online information about financing, insurance and maintenance of photovoltaic systems.
	['', 'photovoltaic system', ' ', 'online tools', ' ', 'online information', '']
cervision
	Provider of software tools for the insurance and financial service industries. The company offers QTaS, that supports on-site and on-line sales and also helps clients to analyse, request quote, acquisition and application testing. It supports insurance and financial service industries in the process of implementation and integration of new insurance products.
	['Quotation tariff ', 'financial service', '']
Primary Health
	Operator of a healthcare delivery system for health insurance companies, self-insured employer groups, and medical providers and facilities. The company offers health insurance products and services within HMO, POS, and PPO model plans. It offers care management services, as well as operates physician clinics in Idaho and Oregon.
	['', 'healthcare delivery', ' ', 'health insurance', ' ', 'insured group', ' ', 'healthcare management', ' ', 'physician clinic', ' ', 'physician network', '']
Superior Access Insurance Services
	Distributor of online insurance. The company provides insurance agents with access to range of insurance products.
	['', 'online insurance', ' ', 'insurance product', ' ', 'insurance agent', '']
Mapflow
	Provider of location-aware software to the insurance, transport and location services markets. The company also provides services including focus on insurance, SaaS delivery, data management and customer relationships.
	['', 'enterprise location', ' ', 'broker management', ' ', 'location service', ' ', 'information management', '']
iCat
	Provider of property insurance to businesses and residential property owners. The company delivers quality security, stability and significant capacity to the insurance market to underwrite catastrophe risk.
	['', 'property insurance', ' ', 'quality security', ' ', 'insurance market', ' ', 'underwrite catastrophe risk', '']
Kraft Insurance Service
	Provider of insurance brokerage service. The company provides life insurance, automobile insurance, business insurance and other insurance services.
	['', 'life insurance', ' ', 'automobile insurance', ' ', 'personal insurance', '']
Health.com.au
	Provider of health insurance services. The company provides an online private health insurance services in Australia.
	['', 'insurance policies', ' ', 'health policy', ' ', 'online insurance', '']
Insurance.com (acquired)
	Operator of a platform to compare and buy competitive insurance products. The company mainly operates as an online auto insurance agency, where one can compare and buy competitive auto insurance quotes directly from many insurance companies. The company\'s product list also includes life, health and home insurance as well as travel, dental and pet health insurance.
	['', 'auto insurance', ' ', 'life insurance', ' ', 'home insurance', '']
