EA Technology Ventures
	Provider of power asset management services. The company invests and works with new ventures across a wide range of traditional and emerging energy related sectors including energy efficiency, smart grid and new energy distribution and storage technologies.
	['', 'investment vehicle', ' ', 'smart grid', ' energy']
Mmc Energy
	Provider of electricity generating and energy infrastructure-related assets. The company acquires small- to mid-sized energy generating facilities, or those with below 250 megawatts (MW) of capacity.
	['', 'gas generation', ' ', 'power plant', ' ', 'electricity generation', ' ', 'energy infrastructure', '']
JouleX
	Provider of energy management systems for data centers and enterprise networks. The company\'s main product is JouleX Energy Manager, a solution that monitors, analyzes and manages the energy usage of network-connected devices and systems in the enterprise network, data center and related facilities. Its software solution monitors, analyzes and manages PCs, servers, VoIP phones and devices, printers, network switching devices, IP power switches, and HVAC systems.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'sustainable energy', ' ', 'energy usage reduction', '']
Alektrona
	Provider of hardware and software services for advanced metering infrastructure, demand side management and other energy-related applications. The company specializes in unifying open-standards products within energy management systems, enabling smart grid companies to better serve their customers energy needs
	['', 'broadband energy management', ' ', 'hardware solution', ' ', 'software solution', ' ', 'advanced metering infrastructure', ' ', 'energy management device', ' ', 'demand side management', ' ', 'energy-related application', ' ', 'energy network appliance', ' ', 'advanced metering system', '']
Adura Technologies
	Provider of wireless lighting and energy management systems. The company provides lighting control service for new and retrofitted commercial buildings.
	['', 'lighting management', ' ', 'energy management', ' ', 'lighting control', ' ', 'energy saving', '']
Enermetrix
	Provider of real- time transaction - processing environment in which utilities, traders and marketers, service companies, commercial and industrial users buy and sell energy. The company provide internet commerce system that allows energy consumers, energy suppliers and utilities to share information.
	['', 'online energy trading', ' ', 'energy markets', ' ', 'energy sellers', ' ', 'energy buyers', ' ', 'energy software solutions', '']
Formative Labs
	Provider of social applications connected to real world actions. The company provides information to consumers on energy consumption habits.
	['', 'social application', ' ', 'energy consumption', ' ', 'social behavior', '']
Navita Systems
	Provider of decision-support technology for transaction and risk management in the energy market. The company has developed a software product offering an overview of the opportunities and risks in energy trading, as well as decision-support systems for physical and financial trading in the energy sector.
	['', 'decision support systems', ' ', 'risk management', ' ', 'energy trading', '']
Mercury Solar Systems
	Provider of commercial and residential solar-energy systems. The company is a designer and installer of solar-energy systems in the Eastern U.S. Its services include turnkey engineering, procurement and construction.
	['', 'solar energy system', ' ', 'solar system installation', ' ', 'solar system design', '']
Pentadyne Power
	Manufacturer of flywheel clean energy storage systems for energy recycling applications. The company\'s power system engineering features a high-speed composite flywheel, fully-active magnetic bearings and an integrated vacuum system. This combination provides significant advantages including reliability, operating costs and footprint. The Pentadyne flywheel system delivers 120 kW of instant, precise electrical power for up to 20 seconds.
	['', 'storage system', ' ', 'clean energy', ' clean-tech ', 'energy recycling application', '']
Fellon-McCord & Associates
	Provider of energy management, dispatch and consulting services to clients in the industrial and commercial sectors. The company provides a variety of services that include energy audits, energy RFPs, utility negotiations, natural gas bypass studies, energy sourcing, risk and demand management, cost-benefit analysis and program development.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'consulting services', ' ', 'management consulting', '']
Enerwise Global Technologies
	Provider of enterprise energy management solutions as a Web-based hosted software suite for commercial, institutional, and industrial customers to reduce energy consumption. The company also provides demand response, energy analysis, load management, distributed generation, utility allocation, and report generation and energy analytical services.
	['', 'energy management solution', ' ', 'enterprise solution', ' ', 'hosted software', ' ', 'energy analysis', ' ', 'load management', ' ', 'utility allocation', '']
Airxchange
	Manufacturer of energy recovery ventilation products and components. The company offers energy recovery ventilators, integrated packages, air handler options, wall mounts and packaged units. The company also provides field replacement services.
	['', 'energy recovery', ' ', 'energy recovery ventilation', ' ', 'recovery ventilator', ' ', 'air handler', ' ', 'wall mount', '']
Nest Labs
	Provider of learning thermostat focused on reducing home-energy consumption. The company\'s technology Learning Thermostat learns human behaviors and preferences, automatically adjusting the temperature so you can stay comfortable while saving energy and money.
	['', 'household heating', ' ', 'cooling bill', ' ', 'energy saving', ' thermostat ', 'energy bill', ' ', 'energy management', ' ', 'temperature control', ' ', 'household heater', ' heater ', 'smart home', '']
ENEA
	Supplier of energy in Poland. The company engages in electricity generation, distribution and trading and offers energy for home and business.
	['', 'energy supply', ' ', 'electricity generation', ' ', 'electricity distribution', '']
Greenbox Technology
	Provider of Web-based energy management solutions for the utilities and residential energy customers. The company\'s platform enables its customers to track, compare, and manage energy usage, as well as engages them in energy efficiency, demand response, alternative and renewable energy, and carbon reduction activities.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'energy utility', ' ', 'energy usage', ' ', 'energy efficiency', ' ', 'carbon reduction', '']
Triacta Power Technologies
	Developer of energy management systems. The company develops energy systems which enables firms to reduce energy consumption and energy costs.
	['', 'energy management system', ' ', 'smart submetering', ' ', 'electrical sub metering', '']
