Creative Design Solutions
	Provider of a platform for interior designing consultation. The company\'s platform allows its users to get services from interior designer with fine arts background.
	['', 'online designing', ' ', 'online interior consultation', ' ', 'online interior decoration', '']
CoTweet
	Provider of a platform that helps companies reach and engage customers by using Twitter. The company provides CoTweet 3.0, an enterprise edition product that features Facebook integration, public status updates monitoring, and conversations publishing and moderating on fan pages. It allows multiple people to communicate through corporate Twitter accounts.
	['', 'marketing service', ' ', 'social platform', ' ', 'collaboration platform', ' ', 'business collaboration platform', '']
Vouchfor!
	Provider of a social referral marketing platform. The company\'s platform allows businesses to build local reward programs through a word-of-mouth marketing technique. The company\'s platform allows its users to earn reward on each referral they make.
	['', 'B2B Services', '']
Zenter
	Provider of software for creating online slide presentations. The company enable users to make online slide shows.
	['', 'slide presentation', ' ', 'presentation software', ' ', 'presentation application', '']
Tastemakers
	Provider of social network for books lovers. The company allows its users, including authors, publishers and readers to build a virtual bookshelf, see what the users’ friends reading and discover and learn from other people with similar reading tastes. It also enables its users to socially interact around the books, influence peers by rating and discussing books online, participate in online book groups to further explore literature and interact with and learn from authors.
	['', 'social network', ' ', 'online book', ' ', 'virtual bookshelf', ' ', 'reading taste', '']
Introspeckt
	Operator of an online social music platform. The company\'s platform helps people to communicate by using music as a message and with the help of this platform users can send music as a reminder or gift over a message.
	['', 'online music platform', ' ', 'music network', ' ', 'virtual product', '']
Lively
	Provider of a mobile platform that allows music fans to download live recordings. The company\'s platform bring artists and fans together by capturing the live performance and encouraging people to live in the moment.
	['', 'video recording', ' ', 'live performance recording', ' ', 'music platform', ' ', 'live performance', '']
Guanxi (China)
	Developer and provider of a location-based social discovery platform. The company develops a social platform that helps users discover new connections and maintain meaningful relationships, whether business or personal, with people they have commonalities with.
	['']
Joyo
	Provider of a career exploration site. The company\'s platform helps people navigate and discover careers they love.
	['', 'career exploration', ' ', 'job search', ' ', 'employment portal', ' ', 'career search', '']
AG Entertainment
	Provider of a platform which allows its users to make their music and playlists accessible to other computers and devices. The company\'s platform helps its users to find people who have similar musical tastes and follow what music they are listening to.
	['', 'music sharing platform', ' ', 'music lover search', ' ', 'entertainment platform', '']
Soundwave
	Developer of a mobile music-discovery application. The company’s software enables users to listen to and share their music with other users, as well as tracking geographically what other users are listening to on their devices. Users can draw a circle with their finger over any area of interest on the Soundwave music map, and instantly see the top-played and most recently played songs there. An activity feed enables users to instantly see the songs that the people they are following are playing, as they play them.
	['', 'music platform', ' ', 'music search', ' ', 'music application', ' ', 'discovery music', ' ', 'area music', ' ', 'real time search', '']
Knowrtl
	Provider of a platform that allows end users to share data, models, scenarios and experiences in computational environments. The company provides an infrastructural platform that helps in computational environments that range from private laptops and PDAs to shared high-performance compute clouds.
	['', 'infrastructure platform', ' ', 'data sharing', ' ', 'cloud computation', '']
Awdio
	Provider of free listening and live audio streams from best clubs around the world. The company offers music from sources, artists, and special events. The company plans to launch a paid service offering demand listening and securities in a better encoding quality
	['', 'audio streams', ' ', 'free listening', ' ', 'encoding quality', ' clubs']
Mixwit
	Provider of a music creation and sharing platform. The company allows users to create their own personalized digital mixtape with songs found on the internet and embed that mixtape on their blog, facebook, myspace and other sites.
	['mixtapes ', 'music tapes', ' mixing']
