Kerensen Consulting
	Provider of business consulting services. The company provides management consulting, business solutions, and technology services to manage the business challenges and technological complexity.
	['', 'cloud technology', ' ', 'cloud consulting', ' ', 'cloud computing', '']
Supplybase
	Provider of e-Business solutions. The company through its internet and various distribution channels, delivers information and tools to purchasing, engineering, design and sourcing professionals.
	['', 'e-Business', '']
Wharton Econometrics
	Provider of economics forecasting and consulting services. The company provides economic information and research to commercial markets worldwide.
	['', 'economic forecasting', ' forecasting ', 'consulting service', '']
Predictive Systems
	Provider of network consulting services. the company provides network infrastructure and security consulting services focused on helping global enterprises and service providers harness the power of network technology.
	['', 'information technology service', ' ', 'network consulting', ' ', 'design and security', '']
e2e
	Provider of IT consulting services.The company is a technology consulting firm specializing in software architecture, program management, process improvement and assessment services.
	['', 'technology consulting', ' ', 'program management', ' ', 'software architecture', ' ', 'process improvement', ' ', 'IT consulting', '']
inCode Consulting
	Provider of business strategy and technology consulting to telecommunications companies, handset and infrastructure vendors, and enterprises. The company offers business case analysis, hardware and software requirements, system integration, program management, and support services. It also provides customized mobile solutions for fleet, field service, field sales, supply chain, radio-frequency identification, WLAN and other enterprise wireless and mobility areas.
	['', 'telecom advisor', ' ', 'strategy consultant', ' ', 'industry consultant', ' ', 'telecom consultant', ' ', 'technology consulting', '']
Rewired Production Management
	Developer of internet based systems to manage the information flow required to employ and pay unionized performers who appear in broadcast commercials. The company provides management of information relating to the use of union talent in the production of commercials, music and films.
	['', 'information services', ' ', 'broadcast services', ' ', 'talent management', '']
SuiteLinq
	Provider of integrated communication, on demand entertainment and business productivity services. The company provides integrated content, connectivity, and commerce technology services to the hospitality industry worldwide.
	['', 'communication service', ' ', 'technology service', ' ', 'business productivity service', '']
Magnet 360
	Provider of consulting services. The company provides creative, marketing and technology consulting services like Salesforce consulting, CRM implementation, engagement strategy, social, mobile development, marketing automation, user experience, application development, channel marketing, and insights and analytics.
	['', 'marketing automation', ' ', 'cloud industries', ' ', 'implementation services', '']
TellSell Consulting
	Operator of a sales-consulting company with a focus on the German market. The company specializes in new business development and models, sales consulting and optimization and customer processes.
	['', 'management consultancy', ' ', 'consulting firm', ' ', 'management advice', '']
Quantiq Technology
	Provider of business consulting services. The company offers various business and technology services mainly to mid-sized companies and larger enterprises throughout the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific.
	['', 'business consultancy', ' ', 'business consulting service', ' ', 'Business Management Consulting', '']
LifetecNet
	Operator of a technology platform for providing e-business services to the life sciences industry. The company\'s technology services help companies to simplify the complexities of disparate business processes, IT systems and regulatory compliance practices associated with the supply chain.
	['', 'e-business services', ' ', 'supply chain management', ' ', 'regulatory compliance', ' ', 'proprietary technology', '']
gp3 Groupe Conseil
	Provider of consulting services. The company helps departments and agencies to implement their strategic plan to facilitate the transition to tactical and operational plans.
	['', 'operational plans', ' ', 'startegic plans', ' architecture']
Team Trade
	Provider of business consulting and information technology services. The company is engaged in providing consultancy and software integrated services for the financial services industry.
	['', 'integrated software', ' ', 'infrastructure software', ' ', 'administration software', ' ', 'system integration', '']
Progira
	Provider of network and frequency planning services for digital broadcasting companies. The company offers network operators and broadcast business consulting services and software solutions for the planning of digital and analog broadcast networks. It also manufacturers and sells broadcasting equipment in the field of television and radio transmission.
	['', 'broadcasting equipment', ' ', 'digital broadcasting', ' ', 'software solutions', '']
Fidelio Software
	Operator of a software company. The company provides management support to the hospitality industry in the form of software, hardware and consulting services.
	['', 'software solution', ' ', 'consulting service', ' ', 'management support', '']
Integrated Systems Consulting Group
	Provider of information and consulting services. The company provides software applications development and systems and network management consulting services. It also provides client-server architecture, graphical user interface-based applications, object-oriented and relational databases and cross-platform applications integration.
	['', 'information enabled service', ' ', 'client-server architecture', ' ', 'network management', '']
Haley Systems
	Provider of a software for business rules management systems. The company provides cycle times associated with automating business rules, such as policies, procedures, regulations and logic. It also offers consulting, training, and support services.
	['', 'business rules management', ' ', 'cycle time', ' ', 'business rule', ' consulting ', 'rule based application', ' ', 'automating business rule', '']
BroadReach Partners
	Provider of business development consulting services. The company provides business development consulting services like sales pipeline development, prospect nurturing and conversion, and field marketing integration to businesses to improve their efficiency.
	['', 'sales development', ' ', 'revenue improvement', ' ', 'financial consultancy service', '']
Ockham Technologies
	Developer of internet applications for e-commerce business solutions. The company uses integrated Sales Management Technologies to solve complex business problems, expanding on the \'Okham\'s Razor\' theory of problems solving.
	['', 'integrated sales management', '']
