Betterfly
	Provider of a live video learning marketplace. The company\'s platform connects individuals with teachers, instructors and experts to help users learn a new skill or improve on something they already know.
	['', 'self-improvement', ' ', 'online lessons', ' ', 'video chat', ' lessons ', 'online tutoring', '']
Capigami
	Provider of shopping list applications for phones. The company provides an application called Out of Milk which helps its users to manage their shopping, kitchen and other tasks.
	['', 'other software', ' ', 'mobile software', ' ', 'shopping list', '']
Active Modules
	Provider software development solutions. The company provides open source Web Content Management System for ASP.NET.
	['', 'software development solution', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'Web Content Management', '']
Cloud.com
	Provider of open source software solutions for enterprises and service providers. The company offers an open source software solution that accelerates the deployment, management, and configuration of multi-tier and multi-tenant infrastructure cloud services. The company also provides subscription services, which include technical support, training courses, and knowledge base access, as well as security updates, patches, and bug fixes.
	['', 'open source', ' ', 'software solution', ' ', 'cloud service', ' ', 'bug fixing', ' ', 'security update', ' ', 'technical support', '']
Solid Information Technology
	Provider of proprietary database products. The company also provides various consulting services, which include technical assessment, proof of concept and database and application migration services.
	['', 'database products', ' ', 'business consulting', ' ', 'application migration service', '']
ObjectRocket
	Provider of a cloud Database as a Service based on MongoDB database. The company provides open source-based MongoDB system that help users to manage big data.
	['', 'cloud database', ' ', 'database management system', ' ', 'MongoDB database', '']
Qlusters
	Developer of linux-based enterprise cluster management software. The company provides open-source systems management solution for software provisioning and managing virtual environments.
	['', 'cluster management software', ' ', 'open-source system', ' ', 'data center technology', '']
640 Labs
	Developer of an open big data platform for agriculture. The company offers 640 Drive, a device to automatically collect and aggregate agricultural data across farming operations.
	['', 'data aggregation', ' ', 'farming operation', ' ', 'agricultural data', ' ', 'big data platform', '']
ADKU
	Provider of e-commerce big data solutions. The company provides a service that attempts to optimize a person’s shopping experience by providing product suggestions.
	['', 'data solution', ' ', 'personal shopping', '']
Hyperpublic
	Developer of an open database and platform of people, places, deals and events tied to a specific location. Anyone can add objects to the database and developers are able to build applications on top of the data. The data includes recent check-ins, daily deal aggregations and reviews.
	['', 'geo local platform', ' ', 'location application', ' ', 'location database', ' ', 'location-based search', ' ', 'location-based', '']
Dabble DB
	Developer of database applications. The company let users build multiple database applications from a single database or spreadsheet.
	['', 'database application', ' spreadsheet ', 'database chart', ' ', 'database maps', '']
Jibe Mobile
	Provider of cloud-based communication services. The company provides open technology platform that provides an open end-to-end technology platform enabling carriers to rapidly launch and commercially scale the most innovative IP communication services to mobile consumers.
	['', 'communication service', ' ', 'cloud communication', ' ', 'telephony platform', '']
Decorati
	Provider of an online source for interior decoration. The company also enables consumers to find a designer through its database of interior designer portfolios, as well as its interior designer matching service.
	['', 'interior decoration', ' ', 'interior designer portfolio', ' ', 'interior designer matching service', '']
Clustra Systems
	Developer of database systems. The company provides clustering technology that allows apps to failover and provide high degrees of uptime.
	['', 'database system', ' ', 'clustering technology', ' failover']
