Magellan Technology
	Provider of RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) technology and related services. The company manufactures advanced read and write 13.56 MHz RFID systems.
	['', 'Radio Frequency Identification', ' ', 'wireless signals', ' ', 'wireless communication', '']
Somark Innovations
	Developer of chip-less radio frequency identification tattoos for animal identification. The company also provides inventory management IDs for automotive parts, documents and casino chips.
	['tattoos ', 'radio frequency', ' ', 'animal identification', '']
motionID technologies
	Developer of radio frequency identification technology for mobile end-user and traffic infrastructure industry. The company provides a passive radio frequency identification technology that monitors the entrances and exits of parking garages or on-street parking areas.
	['', 'touchless identification system', ' ', 'RFID tag', ' ', 'automation services', ' ', 'B2C applications', '']
MaxStream
	Provider of wireless modem networking products. The company specializes in providing wireless modem modules, stand-alone radio modems, radio frequency design services for electronic devices.
	['', 'modem networking', ' ', 'stand-alone radio', ' ', 'radio frequency', '']
ParkMe
	Provider of parking information to navigation companies and consumers. The company\'s platform allows drivers to find a place to park based on location by providing a live map of available parking which includes parking rates, hours of operation, payment types and real-time occupancy information for on-street meters and off-street parking lots and garages.
	['', 'parking information', ' ', 'parking availability', ' ', 'parking database', ' ', 'live map', ' parking']
inCode Consulting
	Provider of business strategy and technology consulting to telecommunications companies, handset and infrastructure vendors, and enterprises. The company offers business case analysis, hardware and software requirements, system integration, program management, and support services. It also provides customized mobile solutions for fleet, field service, field sales, supply chain, radio-frequency identification, WLAN and other enterprise wireless and mobility areas.
	['', 'telecom advisor', ' ', 'strategy consultant', ' ', 'industry consultant', ' ', 'telecom consultant', ' ', 'technology consulting', '']
Xterprise
	Developer of radio frequency identification supply chain services. The company also offers RFID item-level inventory management and enterprise-class software applications for the retail market.
	['', 'radio frequency identification', ' ', 'RFID services', ' ', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'enterprise asset management', '']
SurgRx
	Provider of tissue sealing and hemostasis systems for laparoscopic and open surgery. The company makes radio frequency-controlled tissue sealing device. It develops a proprietary nanotechnology designed to control the delivery of electrosurgical energy in vessel sealing instruments. Its product grasps, dissects, seals, and transects tissues; and provides a seal of vessels encountered during laparoscopic and open surgery.
	['', 'open surgery', ' ', 'tissue sealing', ' ', 'hemostasis systems', ' ', 'laproscopic surgery', ' ', 'electrosurgical energy', ' ', 'vessel sealing', ' ', 'tissue transection', '']
RF Surgical Systems
	Developer of surgical sensor technology. The company provides a sensor system that uses radio-frequency (RF) technology to detect and ensure removal of missing sponges during surgical procedures.
	['', 'surgical detection', ' ', 'surgical system', ' ', 'surgical detection system', ' ', 'medical waste', ' ', 'patient safety system', '']
Flarion Technologies
	Developer of orthogonal frequency division multiplex access (OFDMA) technology and FLASH-OFDM technology for mobile broadband Internet protocol (IP) services. The company makes radio-frequency base stations (RadioRouter) that enable mobile wireless carriers to offer high-speed data services to subscribers. It also licenses the FLASH-OFDM technology to facilitate the design of FLASH-OFDM enabled networks and computing devices, such as notebook PCs, handheld PCs, personal digital assistants, web tablets, and handsets.
	['', 'broadband service', ' ', 'radio frequency station', ' ', 'FLASH-OFDM technology', ' ', 'wireless telecommunication product', '']
Toumaz Technology
	Developer of radio frequency, analogue and mixed-signal semiconductors. The company focuses on development of low power devices for mobile and wireless systems. The company was spun out of Imperial College.
	['', 'semiconductors production', ' ', 'low power device', ' ', 'wireless systems', ' ', 'radio frequency', '']
AeroScout
	Provider of wireless asset tracking and monitoring services. The company provides Wi-Fi-based Active radio frequency identification (RFID) services.
	['', 'Bluetooth chip manufacturer', ' ', 'wireless network', ' ', 'asset tracking', ' ', 'radio frequency identification', '']
RF-IT Solutions
	Provider of software and services for micro-chip non contact communication systems. The company provides radio frequency identification (RFID) software products which serves as a platform for system integrators, software manufacturers and operators, as well as supports RFID infrastructure ranging from smart labels to readers, barcode scanners, label printers and I/O devices.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'barcode scanner', ' ', 'system integrator', ' ', 'software manufacturer', ' ', 'technology consulting', '']
Sierra Technologies
	Designer and manufacturer of radio-frequency products and systems for military and civilian applications. The company is a defense contractor based in Buffalo, New York.
	['', 'radio-frequency products', ' ', 'military products', ' ', 'defense products', '']
Digital Payment Technologies
	Developer of parking management technologies. The company engages in the design, manufacture, and distribution of multi-space parking meters, management software, and online services for the parking industry.
	['', 'parking management technologies', ' ', 'parking meters', ' ', 'management software', ' ', 'multi-space parking meters', '']
Lumidigm
	Developer of identification technology based on optical skin tissue measurements. The company provides biometric identity management for civil identification (ID), point-of-sale, time and attendance, physical and logical access and portable electronic device applications.
	['', 'identification biometric', ' ', 'fingerprint sensor identification', '  ', 'civil identification', ' ', 'verification optical', '']
RapidBlue Solutions
	Provider of retail data and offline shopper analytics. The company uses radio frequency technology to collect shopper movement information and then transforms the anonymous data into information and insights that retailers can use to manage the marketing, merchandising and operations of their businesses.
	['', 'retail data', ' ', 'radio frequency', ' ', 'shopper movement', '']
