Internet Photonics
	Provider of optical Ethernet transport and switching products for telecom service providers. The company is a supplier of carrier-grade optical Ethernet products.
	['', 'switching product', ' ', 'network product', ' ', 'optical Ethernet transport', ' ', 'networking device', '']
Strata8 Networks
	Provider of cellular services on a licensed spectrum. The company provides services to the enterprises to use and manage cellular services within local coverage areas using carrier-class technology.
	['', 'wireless network', ' ', 'cellular service', ' ', 'carrier-class technology', '']
IL&FS Transportation & Networks
	Developer of surface transport infrastructure projects. The company constructs and operates national and state highways, roads, flyovers and bridges, as well as metro rail, bus transportation and border entry points.
	['infrastructure ', 'infrastructure projects', ' transport ', 'surface transport infrastructure projects', '']
Cerent
	Manufacturer of optical transport platform for service provider.
	['', 'optical equipment', ' ', 'optical transport platform', ' ', 'optical network', ' ', 'scalable transport', '']
Electronics Corporation of Israel Telecom
	Provider of network management systems and lifecycle services. The company offers network solutions to other service providers, energy, transportation government and defense sectors. They provide Optimized Multi-Layer Transport platform, carrier class transport platforms, carrier Ethernet network and bandwidth management.
	['', 'network solutions', ' ', 'network management', '']
HyperEdge
	Provider of loop management systems and access equipment for the local exchange carrier markets.
	['broadband communication ', 'loop management', ' telephone network']
Extant
	Provider of carrier transport, OSS interconnect, and clearinghouse solutions to integrated communications providers.
	['', 'carrier transport', ' ', 'clearing house solution', ' ', 'operational system support', '']
Infinera
	Provider of optical networking computer chips. The company’s DTN System is carrier-class, which means that it complies with applicable Telcordia and equivalent major international standards for central office-based network elements. Its DTN System supports a broad range of optical service interfaces, including Ethernet (Gigabit Ethernet and 10 GbE) and separate synchronous optical network/synchronous digital hierarchy. Infinera Line System 2 Infinera DTN Systems are built upon and connected to one another using an optical line system.
	['', 'computer chip', ' optics interface ', 'line system', '']
Movaz Networks
	Provider of optical solutions in the United States. The company provides next generation all optical solutions for delivery of cost-effective wavelength services. Its products are designed for metro, regional, enterprise and government networks. The products are carrier-class solutions incorporating optical transport, distributed photonic switching, generalized multiprotocol label switching (GMPLS) protocols, and standards-based network management.
	['optical wavelength ', 'photonic switching', ' ', 'network management', ' network photonic']
Atrica
	Manufacturer of optical component technology with the Ethernet networking protocol to bring computer network capabilities to metropolitan area telecommunications networks. The company also provides Ethernet Internet access, Ethernet transparent LAN, T1 private line, Ethernet private line, and Ethernet private network services.
	['technology communication Ethernet networking telecommunication ', 'ethernet equipment', ' ', 'telecommunication service', ' ', 'communication system', '']
