GoInstant
	Developer of shared web-browsing tool. The company\'s unique co-browsing tool allows two or more people to surf the web at the same time with no downloads, plugins or installs. It helps to share a web experience in real- time.
	['', 'shared web browsing', ' plugin ', 'web experience', ' ', 'browsing tool', ' ', 'web browsing', '']
Allerez
	Provider of web-based information, real-time and disparate data sources. The company integrates disparate data sources in real-time, providing user-centric reporting and analytics.
	['', 'web based information', ' ', 'real time data', ' ', 'disparate data source', ' ', 'centric reporting', ' ', 'reporting analytic', '']
Support Technologies
	Manufacturer of automatic computer test equipment for use by firms designing, servicing and manufacturing electronic-based products. The company\'s products consisted of ROM emulator and diagnostic tester.
	['', 'computer equipment', ' ', 'electronic products', ' ', 'test equipment', '']
Cloudmetrx
	Developer of real-time risk-return management technologies. The company provides real-time, cloud-based, mobile financial analytic services in the areas of portfolio management, risk analysis, and trading for asset management professionals.
	['', 'risk return management', ' ', 'financial analytic', ' fin-tech ', 'financial software', '']
Comenta TV
	Operator of a real time social television guide for Latin America and Brazil. The company operates an online social platform which hosts real time television shows in Latin America and Brazil.
	['', 'real time', ' ', 'television show', ' ', 'television guide', '']
Flotype
	Developer of real-time messaging technology. The company builds  developer-friendly technologies focused on ease-of-use and simplicity. It licenses its enterprise-grade middleware, Bridge, to customers ranging from social web and software enterprises to financial and fleet management groups. Other offerings include NowJS, a free, open-source framework, for developers seeking real-time interactivity on Node.js and JavaScript browsers; and NowCluster for companies seeking scalability for NowJS applications.
	['', 'real time messaging', ' ', 'real time communication', ' ', 'enterprise grade communication', '']
Koality
	Provider of a continuous integration platform that parallelizes test suites, prevents broken builds and works behind firewall. The company\'s platform automatically parallelizes test suite across available virtual machines, manages parallelization and which eliminates nondeterministic test results.
	['', 'integration platform', ' ', 'manage parallelization', ' ', 'development tool', '']
Decision Team - Software
	Developer and distributor of data-mining tools for workflow in the oil industry. The company is the provider of intelligent reservoir surveillance software called DECIDE!, which captures, analyzes and transforms historical and real-time production data into actionable operational decisions.
	['', 'data mining', ' ', 'E&P sector', ' ', 'oil industry', ' ', 'real-time data', '']
Tinkercad
	Provider of an interactive simulation environment by a supercomputer. The company enables design engineers and analysts to run fidelity simulations in real time while interacting with their model. The product is cloud based with a browser interface.
	['', 'interactive simulation environment', ' ', 'fidelity simulation', ' ', 'browser interface', '']
Samplify Systems
	Provider of compression algorithms for high speed sampled data systems. The company offers analog-to-digital converter ICs for applications in ultrasound front-ends, 4G wireless base stations, automated test equipment, and RADAR/SONAR receivers; and Samplify\'s Prism, a compression and decompression engine that solves I/O and storage bottlenecks in embedded systems. It also provides Samplify for Windows, a compression analysis tool that displays input and output file sizes and other relevant compression results, including compression ratio, dynamic range, noise floor and distortion levels, and a rate-distortion curve.
	['', 'compression algorithm', ' ', 'sampled data system', ' ', 'compression analysis tool', ' ', 'analog to digital converter', '']
Guide Technology
	Developer of continuous time interval analyzer and high-precision frequency counter instruments. The company supplies production-scale CTIA-based timing measurement services, allowing semiconductor manufacturers to minimize timing-related failures and to reduce production test costs through test-time reduction and extending their ATE lifecycles.
	['', 'time interval analyzer', ' ', 'frequency counter instrument', ' ', 'semiconductor support', ' ', 'information technology', '']
Telogy Networks
	Developer of asymmetric digital subscriber line semiconductors. The company\'s golden gateway software enables its customers to develop connected products that send real-time voice, fax and data over packet networks.
	['', 'Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line', ' semiconductors']
Shepherd Intelligent Systems
	Provider of real-time fleet management software services. The company offers a suite of software tools that provide real-time vehicle locations, predicted arrival times and route management analyses by using real-time GPS data to passengers and managers of public transportation and municipal systems.
	['', 'fleet management', ' ', 'software solution', ' ', 'route management', ' ', 'municipal system', '']
Wellness Indicators
	Provider of a wellness screening test. The company develops and manufactures a dry urinary wellness test strip called The Health EquaterTM Assessment Profile t. The test is a first-to-market test screening for such biomarkers as oxidative stress, low-grade inflammation and total antioxidant capacity, which indicate levels of wellness. The product has applications for employers, insurers and governments.
	['', 'wellness assessment', ' ', 'urinary wellness strips', ' ', 'test strips', ' wellness']
Infoharmoni
	Provider of data visualization services. The company aggregates content, people, relationships and express them visually in real time.
	['', 'data visualization', ' ', 'visualization services', ' ', 'real time', '']
Pop Tip
	Developer of real time social feedback tool. The company develop brands, publishers and people analyze crowd conversation by making social data actionable. It also has its own dashboard that lets brands ask questions that are posted directly to Twitter. There is a front-end dashboard that can be seen by all followers to track the results of a poll they’ve participated in, while there’s a back-end dashboard catered to the brands, who can watch the answers come in real time.
	['', 'publisher conversation', ' ', 'social data', ' ', 'crowd conversation', '']
BioSig Technologies
	Developer of clinical technology for diagnoses and treatments of abnormal heart rhythms. The company provides electrophysiologists to make crucial clinical decisions in real time by providing information unobtainable with any other equipment presently in the electrophysiology laboratory.
	['', 'abnormal heart', ' ', 'electrophysiology', ' ', 'electrophysiology laboratory', '']
Pintail Technologies
	Developer of real-time adaptive test technology for semiconductor manufacturing companies. The company offers SwifTest, an on-line adaptive test modules that run directly on the automated test equipment (ATE), and capture and analyze data in real-time; and TestScape, an optional database system, which accepts data in real-time from SwifTest and supports various data management applications.
	['', 'adaptive test technology', ' ', 'online adaptive test', ' ', 'database system', ' ', 'data management application', '']
Nusym Technology
	Provider of verification closure solutions for electronic products manufacturing companies. The company provides functional verification EDA tool.
	['', 'verification closure', ' ', 'electronic design automation', ' ', 'verification software', ' ', 'functional verification', '']
ParStream
	Developer of real-time database technology. The company\'s platform helps companies generate timely, actionable insights from IoT data by providing new and differentiated ways to analyze streaming and historical data.
	['', 'graphic processing unit', ' ', 'hybrid network architecture', ' ', 'web analytics', ' ', 'real time', '']
InPhase Technologies
	Developer of holographic data storage recording media and systems. The company also provides a range of holographic recording materials, test equipment and consulting services for research and development organizations. The company offers its products for film and television studios, corporate enterprises, and medical institutions.
	['', 'holographic data', ' ', 'media and system', ' ', 'holographic recording', ' ', 'film studios', ' ', 'television studios', ' ', 'computer hardware', ' ', 'electronic components', '']
Celebrus Technologies
	Provider of customer intelligence tracking. The company is the creator of tag-free software enabling businesses to analyze customer interactions with their digital channels in real time. The technology is designed to build a complete picture of individual customers, and using the data to drive real-time personalization, one-to-one communications, cross-channel marketing, campaign optimization and fraud detection.
	['', 'customer analytics', ' SaaS ', 'intelligence tracking', '']
TurbiSense
	Provider of in-line real time turbidity measurement equipment for the pharmaceutical industry and related applications. The company\'s equipment assists in accurately measuring liquids with air bubbles.
	['pharmaceutical ', 'turbidity measurement', ' robot']
ART Healthcare
	Developer of tube-feeding technology for the heatlhcare sector. The company is creating a new technology for enteral nourishment of patients. The system includes physiological monitoring and real-time prevention of aspiration pneumonia.
	['', 'physiological monitoring', ' ', 'enteral feeding', ' enteral ', 'tube feeding', '']
Oxford Immunotec Global
	Manufacturer and marketer of T Cell based diagnostic test products and services for the laboratories and clinicians. The company\'s product is the \'T-SPOT.TB\' test, the new cellular blood test for the detection of active and latent tuberculosis infection.
	['', 'blood test', ' ', 'tuberculosis infection', ' ', 'blood sample', ' ', 'tuberculosis diagnosis', '']
