AWR Corporation
	Developer of electronic design automation software in the United States. The company offers Microwave Office design suite, which encompasses various tools for IC, PCB, and module design, including linear circuit simulators, non-linear circuit simulators, electromagnetic (EM) analysis tools, integrated schematic and layout, and parametric cell libraries with built-in design-rule check; Visual System Simulator, a software for the design of communications systems; Analog Office design suite, a design system that is architected from the ground up for analog and radio-frequency integrated circuit designs; and Signal Integrity design software that is for integrated co-chip/package/module designs as it addresses the cross-domain signal integrity issues.
	['', 'electronic design', ' ', 'automation software', ' ', 'analog design', '']
Ciranova
	Provider of electronic design automation software. The company focuses on building interoperable tools for custom chip designers to create new and/or migrate legacy analog IP and help engineers integrate complex RF, analog and mixed-signal content into nanometer-scale silicon with higher density and speed.
	['', 'electronic design', ' automation ', 'chip designer', '']
Valid Logic
	Manufacturer of computer-aided design equipment. The company also develops integrated electronic design automation software.
	['', 'electronic design automation', ' ', 'electronic design software', '']
FASTech Integration
	Developer of factory automation software. The company develops execution systems, cell control and equipment interface software for semiconductor manufacturing facilities.
	['', 'automation software', ' ', 'equipment interface software', ' ', 'Workflow Software', '']
VaST Systems Technology
	Provider of tools and models for embedded system design automation. The company provides ESL engineering tools and models to companies involved in the engineering and manufacture of high-performance, real-time electronic systems integrating significant hardware, software and other technology components.
	['', 'architectural analysis', ' ', 'virtual system prototyping', ' ', 'wireless technology', ' ', 'systems design', ' ', 'software development', '']
Infiniscale
	Operator of an electronic design automation (EDA) company. The company develops a proprietary modeling engine and optimization software, and has created a software suite to address emerging design for yield (DFY) challenges related to analog, mixed-signal and RF designs.
	['', 'Statistical analyses', ' ', 'behavioral modeling', ' ', 'design optimization', ' ', 'variation-aware design', ' ', 'modeling software', ' EDA RF']
GrabCAD
	Provider of cross-platform computer aided design library and engineering community. The company\'s platform allows engineers to share and host files and communicate.
	['', 'engineering service', ' ', 'computer aided design', ' ', 'technical drawing', ' ', 'design model library', ' ', 'engineering community', '']
Biosym Technologies
	Developer of spectrum of molecular modeling software products for the biopharmaceutical, polymer and catalysis technology sectors. The company markets for Computer Aided Molecular Design.
	['', 'molecular design', ' ', 'computer aided', '']
DesignAdvance Systems
	Developer of electronic design automation services for printed circuit boards. The company allows designers reduce board layout and placement time which enables bi directional communication.
	['', 'electronic design', ' ', 'circuit board', ' ', 'board layout', '']
Celestry
	Provider of physical design products. The company offers software and services to electronic and semiconductor companies that are involved with the design of chips.
	['chips electrinc semiconductor']
SteLar Tools
	Developer of software applications for the electronic design automation industry. The company provides graphical and intelligent textual design creation and analysis environment for large, complex HDL designs. The company\'s technology enables designers and verification engineers to reach RTL Closure by offering them the ability to explore, navigate, analyze, document and create a design using their current design methodology and tools.
	['', 'Software Applications', ' ', 'Electronic Design', ' ', 'Automation Industry', ' ', 'HDL Design', '']
Takumi Technology
	Provider of design for manufacturability (DFM) products. The company engages in designing products that a easy to manufacture. The company also provides mask detection and automated full chip semiconductors.
	['', 'design for manufacturing', ' ', 'semiconductor devices', ' ', 'electronic products', '']
ViewLogic Systems
	Developer of electronic design automation software. The company designs, develops and markets electronic design automation software for field-programmable gate array (FPGA) printed circuit boards and systems designs.
	['', 'electronic design automation', ' ', 'automation software', ' ', 'gate array software', '']
CoFluent Design
	Provider of electronic system level design tools for modelling and simulating systems. The company offers an integrated electronic system-level modeling and simulation environment that operates as a graphical modeler for capturing the system\'s behavior and execution platform.
	['', 'simulating system', ' ', 'electronic system', ' ', 'graphical modeler', ' simulation']
PlanPlatform
	Developer of software that provides engineers with two-dimensional and three-dimensional software drafting tools. The company develops SaaS technologies that enable users to edit two dimensional and three dimensional Computer Aided Design and geospatial data from every internet enabled machine.
	['', 'software drafting tool', ' ', 'computer aided design', ' ', 'geospaial data', '']
Synchronicity
	Developer of software to improve the integrated circuit design process. The company provides services for semiconductor, embedded software and system developers on design management and collaboration solutions for managing and distributing very large-scale electronic designs across multiple sites.
	['', 'circuit design', ' ', 'design management', ' ', 'collaboration solutions', ' ', 'electronic designs', ' semiconductor ', 'system developers', ' ', 'embedded software', '']
Ponte Solutions
	Developer of model-based software products and design-for-manufacturing solutions that analyze, predict and reduce the impact of process variability during the manufacture and design of semiconductors.
	['', 'semiconductor software', ' ', 'manufacturability solution', ' ', 'design automation', ' ', 'IC design', '']
0-In Design Automation
	Operator of an assertion-based verification company. The company develops and supports electronic design automation tools and functional verification products that help clients to verify multi-million gate application-specific integrated circuit and system-on-chip designs. Its system also automates the engineered methodologies.
	['', 'assertion-based verification', ' ', 'electronic design automation', '']
Satellier
	Provider of workshare solutions to the global AEC industry. The company provides workshare services such as Building Information Modeling (BIM), Design Support, Engineering/MEP, Design Management Services, and computer aided drafting support to architectural, engineering, and MEP disciplines.
	['', 'design support', ' ', 'design management', ' ', 'project documentation', ' ', 'building information modeling', '']
