Band Digital
	Provider of digital marketing services. The company connects audiences, targets, and customers to brands, products, and services.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'connection agency', ' ', 'business intelligence service', '']
Webchutney Studio
	Owner and operator of a digital marketing firm. The company creates and offers interactive marketing services for brands of various businesses.
	['']
Cove Financial Group
	Provider of a mortgage-alternative program for residential consumers. The company offers a program for would-be home buyers who have money for a down payment, but do not qualify for a mortgage. The company also provides a digital-marketing platform designed to assess what financial products are needed by would-be home buyers, and utilizes multi-channel advertising delivery with audience analysis to develop a network of partners with services focused on this financial demographic.
	['', 'mortgage finance', ' homebuyer ', 'mortgage service', ' ', 'digital marketing platform', ' ', 'multi-channel advertising', '']
ShopIgniter
	Provider of electronic commerce software services. The company\'s social performance marketing platform enables digital marketing leaders to reach and convert their social mobile consumers.
	['', 'internet retail', ' ', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'software service', '']
Andoayudando.com
	Provider of an online corporate social responsibility platform. The company develops a digital platform that promotes socially responsible initiatives through people\'s participation in digital activities.
	['', 'social activity', ' ', 'social initiative', ' ', 'social cause', '']
OfferIQ
	Provider of online digital coupons.
	['', 'digital coupon', ' ', 'online digital coupon', ' ', 'customer reward redemption solution', '']
freeXmedia
	Provider of an online digital marketing platform. The company provides digital marketing services to the automotive, digital entertainment, sport, active living, free-net and social media industry.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'marketing domain', ' ', 'market topography', '']
GovToday
	Provider of a digital media platform. The company provides conferences that focus on providing the audience of the senior public sector decision makers with the latest information on policy and best practice alongside access to industry expertise to aid with delivery.
	['', 'digital media platform', ' ', 'public sector news', ' debate']
TVGenesis
	Provider of the digital broadcast platform. The company provides digital broadcast platform, engaging audiences across premium lifestyle channels. The company\'s network covers fashion and entertainment, healthy living, food and drink, sports, gaming, and custom programming channels.
	['', 'digital broadcast', ' ', 'lifestyle channel', ' ', 'media platform', ' ', 'fashion and entertainment', '']
FreakOut
	Provider of digital marketing platforms. The company develops demand-side platform for smartphone advertising and real-time bidding.
	['']
7digital
	Provider of digital media platform. The company provides digital download services, including music and video download stores, media streaming, audio books, ebooks, documents, subscription services, promotional voucher programs and download based incentives.
	['', 'digital media', ' ', 'media streaming', ' ', 'digital download', '']
NxN Digital Entertainment
	Provider of asset and production management systems. The company provides digital asset and production management solutions for the computer graphics and digital entertainment industries.
	['', 'production management system', ' ', 'computer graphic', ' ', 'digital entertainment', '']
Consorte Marketing
	Operator of a digital marketing company. The company provides brand advertising and direct marketing services online. In addition, it offers SALSA, a product that integrates brand advertising and direct marketing.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'brand advertising', ' ', 'direct marketing', ' ', 'online advertising', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
Apparel Media Group
	Provider of network marketing services to apparel industry. The company\'s platform delivers relationships with target consumers that brands can leverage to drive digital engagement metrics vital to fan acquisition, video distribution, content creation, CRM, and consumer insights initiatives.
	['', 'network marketing', ' ', 'marketing service', '']
Bluestreak
	Provider of marketing data services for interactive agencies and advertisers in the United Kingdom and internationally. The company provides The Bluestreak 6.0 platform that delivers the workflow, analysis and optimization for professional marketers, as well as offers an approach for planning and tracking digital marketing efforts in various channels, including display advertisements, search, media/video and email; Ad Manager, a campaign management solution, which organizes work flow to launch, manage and optimize digital marketing campaign; cross-channel performance capturing solutions; campaign performance and user-defined reports and custom marketing dashboard services.
	['', 'marketing data', ' ', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'display advertisement', ' ', 'campaign management', ' ', 'campaign performance', '']
