Outblaze
	Developer of digital media products and services. The company provides business to business services, including customized web services, online transaction systems and Web communication software services.
	['', 'online transaction system', ' ', 'customized web service', '  ', 'social networking', '']
Raccoon
	Operator of an online business-to-business marketplace. The company engages in business-to-business transactions and offers various service including accounts receivable warranties and payment settlements in Asia.
	['B2B ', 'online marketplace', ' ', 'B2B transactions', '']
Amyyon
	Developer of Client Relationship Management (CRM) systems for both business-to-business and business-to-consumer markets. The company provides services such as electronic client file, food management, waiting list management, volunteer support relationship and document management.
	['', 'client relationship manager', ' ', 'document management', ' ', 'electronic client', '']
ListK
	Developer of business-to-business (B2B) e-mail and lead-generation technologies. The company provides proprietary software designed to assist data companies and end-users.
	['email ', 'proprietary solutions', '']
Charitableway
	Operator of a Website that enables users to donate online to charities. The company specializes in bridging the connection between the business and nonprofit communities by providing application services.
	['', 'online donation platform', ' ', 'charity platform', ' ', 'application services', '']
Trading Dynamics
	Provider of business-to-business Internet trading applications that enable Internet market makers and corporations deploy and configure a range of dynamically priced markets including auctions, reverse auctions and bid/ask exchanges.
	['', 'bid exchange', ' ', 'ask exchange', ' ', 'internet trading', ' ', 'reverse auction', '']
VendorCity
	Operator of a business-to-business recommendation Website.
	['', 'referral service', ' ', 'business referral', ' ', 'business recommendation', '']
RoweCom
	Provider of business to business services and eCommerce solutions for purchasing and managing the subscriptions of magazines, newspapers, journals and e- journals. The company offers its clients access to the largest catalog of such knowledge resources on the internet.
	['eCommerce ', 'publishing services', '']
FasTurn
	Provider of business-to-business apparel marketplace. The company delivers technology solution for the apparel industry, providing an electronic marketplace for buyers and sellers to conduct business securely.
	['', 'technology solution', ' ', 'apparel industry', ' ', 'business-to-business', ' ', 'electronic marketplace', '']
RentWiki
	Developer of peer review and recommendation website. The company provides rental search with user-generated content, neighborhood reviews and the ability for renters and locals to talk to each other as well as pros and cons about various areas.
	['', 'reviewed rental site', ' ', 'recommendation website', ' ', 'rental search', ' ', 'user generated content', '']
Once Again Me
	Provider of comprehensive reports that represents business\'s financial obligations. The company also provides credit limit recommendation, background information and more data elements than other reports.
	['', 'financial obligation', ' ', 'fraud screening', ' ', 'limit recommendation', ' recommendation']
Buildnet
	Producer of management and productivity-based software for home builders. The company provides business-to-business e-commerce services to the residential construction industry.
	['', 'construction industry', ' ', 'home builder software', ' ', 'productivity based software', '']
Egreetings Network
	Provider of an online card and entertainment web site. The company\'s web site offers approximately 7,000 online cards that incorporated graphics, animations, and music. The company also merchandises a selection of gifts and digital gift certificates. It, on behalf of its business customers, provides business-to-business services, including the creation and distribution of communication products to their employees, customers, and partners; and licenses its software platform to partner web sites involved in viral marketing of online cards.
	['', 'digital gift certificate', ' ', 'viral marketing', ' ', 'gift certificate', '']
Comcerto
	Communications processor business of Mindspeed Technologies, Inc. This business provides a series of multicore, ARM®-based embedded processors and associated software, a talented team and Tier One customers spanning the globe.
	['', 'connectivity product', ' ', 'communication processor', ' ', 'associated software', '']
Neuport
	Developer of online business to-business communities. The company offers vertical communities that provide users with information, interaction, education, and e-commerce services. It offers a portal dedicated for the motion control industry that offers users with access to industry news, chat rooms and links to other industry sites.
	['', 'vertical Internet communities', ' ', 'Internet communities', ' ', 'vertical communities', ' ', 'business to-business communities', ' ', 'online portal', ' ', 'motion control', '']
Manufacturer\'s Resource Network
	Provider of online selling services for manufacturers. The company is a network of business-to-business Internet retail sites and forms sales strategy for each site according to the specialty market of its products.
	['', 'online selling', ' e-commerce']
Canopy
	Provider of business-to-business integration services. The company helps its clients in maximizing their investments in e-business technology.
	['', 'integration services', ' ', 'e-business technology', ' ', 'investment maximization', '']
