Optimax Systems
	Provider of optical materials to make aspheres, cylinders, spheres. The company manufactures prototype optical components for aerospace, display technologies and solar applications.
	['cylinderical optics axicon wedges']
Yotta Networks
	Provider of connectivity products. The company offered advanced elements for all-optical networks.
	['', 'Fiber Optic', ' ', 'optical network', ' ', 'Telecommunication industry', '']
Internet Photonics
	Provider of optical Ethernet transport and switching products for telecom service providers. The company is a supplier of carrier-grade optical Ethernet products.
	['', 'switching product', ' ', 'network product', ' ', 'optical Ethernet transport', ' ', 'networking device', '']
Stylea-mdd
	Designer and retailer of high-end consumer products. The company designs and markets a range of consumer products, including tableware, home decor, cooking accessories, bed and bath linens,  travel bags & accessories, and beauty products.
	['', 'fashion products', ' ', 'fashionable accessories', ' ', 'household goods', '']
Optiva
	Developer of self-assembling nanomaterials. The company is engaged in developing and manufacturing self-assembling nanomaterials for use in a wide range of optical, electro-optical and semiconductor applications.
	['nano-material ', 'self-assembling nanomaterials', ' ', 'electro-optical applications', ' ', 'optical applications', ' ', 'crystal films', ' ', 'semiconductor applications', ' nanomaterials']
Arryx
	Developer of holographic optical trapping (HOT) technology for optically controlled measurement and manipulation in nanotechnology, biotechnology, physical and material sciences, and basic research industries. The company offers stand-alone and turnkey solutions for holo-tweezers, as well as kit-based packages for the implementation of holographic optical trapping.
	['', 'optical trapping technology', ' ', 'blood processing application', ' ', 'therapeutic research', ' ', 'nanotechnology application', ' ', 'optical telecommunication', ' ', 'reconfigurable biochip', '']
Theta Optics
	Provider of optical products. The company operates shops that sell optical glasses and other optical consumer products.
	['', 'optical shops', ' ', 'optical products', ' eyeglass spectacles']
Revolymer
	Developer of polymers for consumer products. The firm designs, develops and formulates polymers for consumer products within the FMCG markets.
	['', 'consumer products', ' ', 'FMCG market', ' polymers']
Banner Pharmacaps
	Developer of gelatin based dosage forms. The company focuses on delivering proprietary softgel formulations for over-the-counter, prescription and nutritional consumer products.
	['', 'nutritional consumer product', ' ', 'healthcare platform', ' ', 'pharmaceutical service', '']
NanoOpto
	Manufacturer of integrated modular nano-optic components for optical systems and networks. The company\'s products include IR cut filters, nano-optic isolators, deep ultraviolet polarizers, polarizing beam splitters/combiners, optical isolators, microlens arrays, and WDM filters, as well as waveplates, retarders, and trim retarders. It\'s services include conformal optical coatings by atomic layer deposition, precision coatings by e-beam deposition, precision dicing, and optical design and engineering.
	['', 'nano-optic component', ' ', 'IR cut filter', ' ', 'deep ultraviolet polarizer', ' ', 'conformal optical coating', '']
Ofidium
	Developer of OFDM technologies. The company provides 100 Gigabits per second optical optical OFDM technologies which delivers increased bandwidth and reduced costs for telecommunications networks.
	['', 'OFDM technology', ' ', 'communications infrastructure', ' ', 'communications network', ' ', 'optical fiber', '']
FlexLight Networks
	Developer of a suite of optical access products. The company offers products with applications for the gigabit passive optical networking (GPON) market.
	['', 'optical access', ' ', 'video services', ' ethernet']
RouteLambda
	Provider of an optical networking equipment. The company provides outsourced assembly of standardized optical networking equipment and broad base communication equipment in Japan.
	['', 'optical networking', ' ', 'communication equipment', ' ', 'outsourced assembly', '']
Big Bear Networks
	Developer of interface solutions for networks that operate at 10 Gb/s and higher rates. The company delivers a range of high-speed devices for optical/electrical interface.
	['', 'electrical interface', ' ', 'high-speed device', ' ', 'network interface', ' “optical network”']
Imagination Fx
	Operator of a special effects studio. The company also provides products such as movie production cameras, optical printing cameras, animation cameras, telecine and film scanning machines, optical printers and projectors for screening films.
	['', 'special effects studio', ' ', 'special effects', ' ', 'optical printing cameras', ' ', 'animation cameras', ' ', 'film scanning machines', ' electronics']
Optix Networks
	Developer of VSLI (very large scale integration) components used in optical switches and broadband networks equipment. The company serves the optical communications market.
	['', 'scale Integration', ' ', 'optical backbones', ' ', 'information technology ', '']
JDS Uniphase
	Viavi Solutions Inc was incorporated in California in 1979 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1993 as JDS Uniphase Corp (CA). The Company changed its name from JDS Uniphase Corp (CA) to Viavi Solutions Inc. The Company is a provider of network and service enablement solutions and optical products for telecommunications service providers, wireless operators, cable operators, network-equipment manufacturers and enterprises. Its segments include Network Enablement, Service Enablement, Communications and Commercial Optical Products and Optical Security and Performance Products. The Network Enablement segment provides an integrated portfolio of testing solutions that access the network to perform build-out and maintenance tasks. These solutions include instruments, software and services to design, build, turn-up, certify, troubleshoot and optimize networks. The Service Enablement segment provides embedded systems and enterprise performance management solutions that supply global service providers, enterprises and cloud operators visibility into network, service and application data. The Communications and Commercial Optical Products segment addresses end markets including data communications (Datacom) and telecommunications (Telecom) networking and commercial lasers (Lasers) for manufacturing, inspection and life-sciences applications. The Optical Security and Performance Products segment leverages its core optical coating technologies and volume manufacturing capability to design, manufacture, and sell products targeting anti-counterfeiting, consumer and industrial, government, healthcare and other markets. The Company markets its products to telecommunications and cable service providers, NEMs, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), enterprises, governmental organizations, distributors and strategic partners. Its competitors include Giesecke & Devrient, Agilent Technologies, Inc., Anritsu Corporation, Exfo Inc., Ixia, NetScout Systems, Inc.
	['', '', 'optical communications', ' laser']
Infinera
	Provider of optical networking computer chips. The company’s DTN System is carrier-class, which means that it complies with applicable Telcordia and equivalent major international standards for central office-based network elements. Its DTN System supports a broad range of optical service interfaces, including Ethernet (Gigabit Ethernet and 10 GbE) and separate synchronous optical network/synchronous digital hierarchy. Infinera Line System 2 Infinera DTN Systems are built upon and connected to one another using an optical line system.
	['', 'computer chip', ' optics interface ', 'line system', '']
Lightchip (Dense Wavelength Division)
	Provider of optical components to the cable and telecommunications industries. The company develops DWDM modules based on its patented free-space diffraction grating technology platform.
	['', 'optical monitoring', ' ', 'optical routing', ' ', 'wavelength management', ' ', 'fiber optic', ' ', 'optical routing', '']
eÓtica
	Provider of an e-commerce platform to sell optical products online. The company sells contact lenses, sunglasses, prescription glasses, frames and accessories.
	['', 'optical products', ' ', 'sunglasses', ' ', 'contact lenses', ' ', 'online optical store', '']
Movaz Networks
	Provider of optical solutions in the United States. The company provides next generation all optical solutions for delivery of cost-effective wavelength services. Its products are designed for metro, regional, enterprise and government networks. The products are carrier-class solutions incorporating optical transport, distributed photonic switching, generalized multiprotocol label switching (GMPLS) protocols, and standards-based network management.
	['optical wavelength ', 'photonic switching', ' ', 'network management', ' network photonic']
Allayer Communications
	Developer of optical networking communications chips. The company manufactures silicon solutions for the global network and designs flexible and scalable ICs for optical and ethernet switching applications.
	['', 'optical components', ' ', 'ethernet switch', '']
Oncoscope
	Developer of clinical optical imaging applications. The company develops optical imaging systems which provides images and information on tissue microstructure for the purpose of epithelial tissues in the oral cavity, esophagous, stomach, colon, lung, cervix and bladder.
	['', 'Optical imaging', ' tissue microstructure']
