Gazoontite
	Provider of household products. The company provides products that help reduce asthma problems, allergies and respiratory problems. The company\'s products include anti-allergen and hypoallergenic bedding, air purifiers, vacuum cleaners, bath and beauty products, toys, dust control products, odor control products and asthma management products.
	['', 'household products', ' hypoallergenic ', 'cleaning product', '']
Distributions Marc Boivin
	Supplier of meat products. The company distributes meat products for supermarkets.
	['', 'meat products', ' ', 'meat supplier', ' sausage beef salami']
Ilypsa
	Developer of renal care pharmaceutical products. The company develops non-absorbed polymeric phosphate and potassium binder compounds to treat chronic kidney diseases.
	['', 'renal care', ' ', 'kidney disease treatment', ' ', 'healthcare industry', '']
Reliant Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of cardiovascular therapies. The company acquires and develops branded pharmaceutical products, as well as potential pharmaceutical products in mid- to late-stage clinical development for drug delivery technologies and formulation advancements.
	['cardiovascular ', 'cardiovascular therapies', '']
DMD Industries
	Supplier of arts & crafts products. The company is a manufacturer of party supplies, scrap-booking, paper-crafting and stationary products.
	['', 'scrap book', ' ', 'stationary product', ' ', 'paper crafting', ' ', 'consumer durables', '']
Thallion Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of pharmaceutical products in the areas of infectious disease and oncology. The company\'s clinical program Shigamabs is a dual antibody product for the treatment of Shiga toxin-producing E. coli ("STEC") bacterial infections.
	['', 'infectious disease', ' ', 'antibody product', ' ', 'bacterial infection', ' oncology']
Collplant
	Produces recombinant human collagen from tobacco plants. The company produces sells collagen-based products in medical devices, cosmetics and pharmaceutical products.
	['', 'medical device', ' ', 'collagen pharmaceutical product', ' cosmetic']
Outinens Potatis
	Provider of potato products. The company provides pre-cooked and related potato products that are grown with minimal pesticide usage.
	['potatoes ', 'clean food', ' ', 'potato production', '']
InnoPharma
	Developer of complex generic and innovative specialty pharmaceutical/bio-pharmaceutical products in injectable and ophthalmic dosage forms. The company has a broad portfolio of products under development, with formulations including, suspension, lyophilized, emulsions, liposomes, micelles and lipid complexes.
	['', 'medical product', ' ', 'drug development', ' ', 'bio pharmaceutical product', ' ', 'medical drug research', ' ', 'sterile injectable product', ' ', 'sterile products', ' injectable ophthalmic']
Genemedicine
	Developer of bio-pharmaceutical products. The company designs gene medicines to produce sustained levels of therapeutic proteins within the body. The company develops therapeutic products for both acute and chronic use and to be administered to patients through conventional means such as intramuscular or intravenous injection, or inhalation.
	['biopharmaceutical genes']
Takumi Technology
	Provider of design for manufacturability (DFM) products. The company engages in designing products that a easy to manufacture. The company also provides mask detection and automated full chip semiconductors.
	['', 'design for manufacturing', ' ', 'semiconductor devices', ' ', 'electronic products', '']
Adaptive Solutions
	Manufacturer of pattern recognition computing products. The company develops and manufactures image processing and recognition products and neurocomputing products.
	['', 'neurocomputing product', ' ', 'image processing', ' ', 'computing products', '']
C M & D Pharma
	Manufacturer of pharmaceutical products. The company\'s pharma products are fostrap, recoclix, eviendep, ossulin and silsos.
	['', 'pharmaceutical product', ' ', 'healthcare market', '']
ViroChem Pharma
	Developer and producer of the drugs and pharmaceutical products for viral disease. The company manufacture, develop and produce the medicine products for viral infection, Hepatitis C (HCV) and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
	['', 'pharmaceutical product', ' ', 'drug research', ' ', 'human immunodeficiency virus', '']
ForSight NewCo
	Developer of pharmaceutical products for use in photo dynamic therapy (PDT), using light-activated drugs to treat disease.
	['', 'pharmaceutical product', ' ', 'photo dynamic theory', ' ', 'light activated drug', '']
Madras Concept
	Provider of sanitary ware and decorative products. The company provides textiles for the table art and objects for decorating the house.
	['', 'table covers', ' ', 'geometric designs', ' ', 'sanitary product', ' ', 'home decor', '']
York Pharma
	Provider of prescription products. The company company is engaged in developing, marketing and supplying prescription products to pharmaceutical wholesalers, hospitals and general practitioners within the field of dermatology.
	['', 'dermatological products', ' ', 'prescription products', ' supplier ', 'product development', '']
Hanza
	Manufacturer of industrial products. The company provides mechanical, electronics, cable harnesses and final assembly products for industrial uses.
	['', 'industrial product', ' ', 'assembly product', ' ', 'cable harness', '']
