LeftHand Networks
	Provider of flexible IP-SAN network storage solutions. The company also offers evaluation software, such as SAN/iQ software and virtual SAN appliance, which aggregate disparate resources into a single, larger storage system. It offers iSCSI SANs that are composed of multiple storage nodes, pooled together into a single storage system; integrated storage systems; and virtual storage systems.
	['', 'storage solution', ' ', 'san application', ' ', 'virtual application', ' ', 'storage system', ' ', 'storage node', ' ', 'virtual storage system', '']
Matrix Semiconductor
	Developer of three-dimensional integrated circuits (IC). The company is a provider of flash-memory storage solutions for digital content, including memory cards,  solid-state drives, USB storage devices, media software, embedded storage and music and video players.
	['', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'flash device', ' ', 'digital content', '']
StorageApps
	Provider of all-encompassing solutions, applications and appliances for storage-based network services. The company\'s appliances and applications enable customers to connect virtually any type of storage devices with any servers over any connection type.
	['storage ', 'live data', ' ', 'data mirroring', '']
Xanto Technologies
	Provider of wireless based devices for multimedia data exchange and security storage. The company developes innovative pocket wireless based storage devices that allow data exchange without the mediation of a personal computer.
	['', 'wireless devices', ' ', 'security storage', ' ', 'multimedia data exchange', ' ', 'wireless based devices', '']
Tonian Systems
	Developer of storage software. The company focuses on the misalignment that occurs within enterprises while combining virtualization technology and traditional storage.
	['', 'storage software', ' ', 'enterprise storage', ' ', 'virtualization storage', '']
Vita 34 International
	Provider of storage of cord blood for future therapeutic purposes. The company is engaged in the collection, preparation and storage of children umbilical cord blood.
	['', 'cord blood', ' ', 'therapeutic purposes', ' unbilical storage ', 'blood bank', ' ', 'stem cell', ' ', 'umbilical core blood', ' blood']
Streem
	Provider of a cloud based hard drive that offers storage space. The company has developed a proprietary de duplication and compression technology to be able to provide storage facility.
	['', 'storage space', ' ', 'hard drive', ' ', 'compression technology', ' ', 'cloud storage service', '']
ByCast
	Provider of storage virtualization software for large-scale digital archives and storage clouds. The company provides storage software designed to manage petabyte-scale, globally distributed repositories of images, video and records for enterprises and service providers.
	['', 'business continuity', ' ', 'digital archives', ' ', 'fixed content', '']
GreenBytes
	Developer of virtual desktop visualization. The company delivers patented desktop virtualization that maximize the effective performance and capacity of existing infrastructure.
	['', 'desktop virtualization', ' ', 'virtual desktop', ' desktop']
Newisys
	Developer of server and storage technology for original equipment manufacturers. The company offers storage expansion product platforms, storage application platforms, integrated RAID server/storage application product platforms, JBOD expansion enclosures, and racks.
	['', 'server technology', ' ', 'storage technology', ' ', 'equipment manufacturing', ' ', 'storage expansion', '']
Nvelo
	Developer of storage software to address the input output bottleneck in computing systems. The company\'s product Dataplex, a cache software solution used by PC OEMs and SSD vendors to deliver SSD-level performance from HDD-based systems for a fraction of the cost of an SSD-only system.
	['', 'storage system', ' ', 'hard drive', ' ', 'hybrid drive', ' ', 'computing management', '']
Virsto Software
	Developer of virtual storage solutions for virtual servers and datacenters. The company offers Virsto One, a hypervisor-based storage virtualization software solution that enables users to virtualize storage-intensive workloads, maximize the consolidation of server and storage hardware and reduce storage management.
	['', 'data storage', ' ', 'virtual storage', ' ', 'virtual server', ' ', 'storage virtualization', ' ', 'server consolidation', ' ', 'storage management', ' ', 'storage hardware', '']
Qlayer
	Provider of datacenter, combining server, networking and storage infrastructure virtualization software. The company offers solutions for virtual datacenter automation, storage and volume management and also provides virtual disks to servers and to external consumers.
	['', 'virtual disk', ' datacenter virtualization']
NetCell
	Developer of host adapter storage acceleration silicon devices for the ATA and SATA host bus adapter, server, PC, workstation and embedded storage markets.
	['', 'silicon device', ' ', 'storage market', ' workstation']
