Matan Digital Printers
	Manufacturer of professional digital printers. The company designs and manufactures printing equipment for three major printing segments: super-wide format, traffic signage and labels, decals and license-plate printing.
	['', 'digital printer', ' ', 'printing equipment', ' ', 'sign printing', '']
Vuokatti Hirsitalot
	Provider of wooden houses. The company use a log reading of modern computer-controlled machining centers and eco-friendly methods.
	['', 'wooden houses', ' ', 'log reading', ' ', 'machining centers', ' manufacturer']
MKT Print
	Provider of printing services. The company also engages in book binding services.
	['', 'printing services', ' ', 'binding services', ' ', 'publishing services', ' ', 'press services', '']
IF-Com
	Developer and manufacturer generic interface products for thermal printers. The company\'s products improve the total output of the printing system, especially printing systems operating within graphic printing.
	['', 'generic interface product', ' ', 'thermal printer', ' graphic']
Greenbox
	Developer of a cloud-connected, smart irrigation system. The company has designed and developed a eco-friendly smartphone-controlled irrigation system which can replace existing AC irrigation controllers without requiring updates to existing infrastructure.
	['', 'smart irrigation system', ' ', 'wireless application', ' ', 'wireless system', ' automation']
Graffiti
	Provider of media services in the form of external marking and the digital printing. The company provides media printing services which is eco-friendly in nature.
	['', 'external marking', ' ', 'digital printing', ' ', 'media printing', '']
In2 Printing Solutions
	Provider of digital printing. The company provides various types of digital printing services to its customers.
	['', 'digital printing', ' ', 'custom print', ' ', 'custom printing', '']
Brio Software
	Provider of media and market intelligence solutions. The company provides media planning and management, agency and client benchmarking, audience impact research, competitive and best practices advisory, and influencer program development services. The company also offers media segmentation, ranking, optimization, and outlet and journalist performance; market sentiments evaluation; and trends, issues, and threats monitoring services.
	['', 'media segmentation', ' ', 'media planning', ' ', 'market intelligence', ' ', 'client benchmarking', ' consultancy']
GreenYour
	Provider of go to guide for green living. The company\'s website has aggregated eco-friendly tips and products. It also provides environmental consulting services.
	['', 'green living', ' ', 'green guide', ' ', 'eco-friendly tip', ' ', 'eco-friendly product', ' ', 'environmental consulting', '']
Shira Computers
	Provider of web based workflow management software for pre-press and digital printing industries. The company offers vendor independent designs for prepress, printing and publishing firms worldwide.
	['', 'workflow management software', ' ', 'digital printing', ' ', 'pre press', '']
York Mailing
	Provider of retail flyers, media inserts and leaflets. The company produces A5 and A4 leaflets and broadsheets, stitches A4 catalogues, folds A4 leaflets through its printing presses. It also provides printing services to final distribution of its products to serve the high street retail market sector.
	['', 'retail flyer', ' leaflet broadsheet ', 'media insert', ' ', 'A5 sheet', ' flyer']
Bellamax
	Developer of automated digital images enhancement software services.The company provides photo editing and web and printing optimization softwares such as UpShot, Pro and Gold. It caters to printing labs, photography studios and kiosks. It has strategic alliances with Adobe Systems, Digibug Express, Epson America, PhotoAccess, Photolightning and Sony Electronics.
	['', 'image enhancement', ' ', 'photo editing', ' ', 'printing optimization', '']
Revere Digital
	Provider of online media services. The company offers news, reviews, events and analysis from journalists in technology and media.
	['', 'media service', ' ', 'technology news', ' ', 'media content', '']
