Smart Button Associates
	Provider of a web-based marketing platform. The company engages in rewarding and retaining their customers and patrons as well as manages successful loyalty or rewards programs.
	['', 'marketing platform', ' ', 'reward programs', ' loyalty']
Regiohelden
	Provider of online marketing services. The company helps local advertisers with search engine marketing software to reach their online audience, convert prospects to actual clients and measure the results of campaigns.
	['', 'local online advertising', ' ', 'marketing and advertising', ' ', 'local advertising', '']
Encounter Development Technologies
	Provider of end-to-end technology and online marketing services, including design, build, hosting and online marketing support. The company utilizes their pre-built applications to provide the platforms in which to base solutions for businesses looking to utilize video technology to increase online collaboration and interaction.
	['', 'online marketing', ' collaboration ', 'video technology', '']
SmartReceipt
	Provider of personalized nutrition and marketing messages that enable consumers to make better food decisions. The company provides innovative marketing services that enable retailers to generate incremental revenue and influence consumer purchasing decisions.
	['', 'personalized nutrition', ' ', 'nutrition information', ' ', 'consumer purchasing decision', ' ', 'marketing management software', '']
Furndex
	Provider of ancillary services. The company provides services to members including credit and payment information, logistic services such as shipping and warehousing. The company also provides an e-commerce model in the steel, plastics and chemical industries.
	['', 'B2B services', ' ', 'software services', '']
New Media Gateway
	Provider of web-based enterprise marketing services. The company\'s marketing services include search engine marketing, marketing analytics, creative design, email marketing, and serves the agency, franchise, financial, energy, healthcare and insurance industries.
	['', 'marketing software', ' ', 'enterprise marketing', '']
Adenyo
	Provider of an online and mobile marketing and advertising solution. The company operates as a mobile virtual network operator, which offers branded cell phone services, and SMS direct marketing services to organizations selling to retail clients.
	['', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'virtual network', ' ', 'online network', '']
RentMineOnline
	Provider of social network marketing services for the multifamily rental housing industry. The company acts as a referral management tool for the multi-billion dollar apartment rental market. It enables residents to get paid for marketing their properties to friends.
	['', 'rental housing society', ' ', 'referral management program', ' ', 'apartment rental', '']
Digital Railroad
	Provider of online photo archiving and marketing services. It offers photographers and agencies to manage, market, and sell their images.
	['', 'online photo archiving', ' ', 'photo marketing', ' ', 'sell image', '']
IPLSHOP
	Provider of a marketing platform. The company provides a network platform of waxing professionals and consultants in Brazil.
	['', 'waxing consultant', ' ', 'network platform', ' ', 'health and wellness', '']
ECAL
	Provider of online calender marketing platform. The company provides an online calendar marketing platform. It offers web-base time and event management platform.
	['', 'online marketing', ' ', 'calender marketing platform', ' ', 'web base time management platform', '']
Kickanotch mobile
	Provider of mobile marketing services and technology solutions. The company’s solutions include mobile applications, code marketing and mobile barcodes, text marketing, mobile video marketing, and mobile Web design.
	['', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'text marketing', ' ', 'PUSH notification', '']
OnDialog
	Provider of tools to marketers to maximize acquisition of leads, conversion or prospects and retain customers using on-demand landing pages, micro sites and personalized URLs. The company\'s customers include online marketing affiliates, direct marketing agencies, and sports and entertainment marketing agencies.
	['', 'personalized URLs', ' ', 'on-demand landing pages', ' ', 'Search Engine Marketing', '']
NetFlip
	Provider of a pay-for-performance online marketing network. The company provides cash to customers for signing up for deals like credit cards, CD and book clubs, free web services and  cheap long distance travel.
	['', 'internet shop', ' ecommerce ', 'online shop', ' ', 'online deal', '']
freeXmedia
	Provider of an online digital marketing platform. The company provides digital marketing services to the automotive, digital entertainment, sport, active living, free-net and social media industry.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'marketing domain', ' ', 'market topography', '']
Pulpo Media
	Provider of technology enabled marketing services. The company works with leading online advertisers to help them dynamically localize and tailor their offerings for their diverse target markets.
	['', 'marketing service', ' ', 'online advertisement', ' ', 'diverse market', '']
24h00
	Provider of an online retail marketing platform. The company provides branded marketing services to retail clients through its e-commerce website, which provides a changing topography of consumer discounts.
	['', 'online retail', ' ', 'discounted rates', ' ', 'shopping online', ' ', 'branded products', '']
XLMedia
	Provider of digital publishing and marketing services. provides marketing services to online gambling operators and develops proprietary tools and methodologies to drive high value users.
	['', 'digital publishing', ' ', 'marketing services', ' ', 'proprietary tools', '']
ZipDial Mobile Solutions
	Provider of mobile marketing services. The company provides consumer intelligence platform that drives services such as couponing, friend referrals, on-pack activations.
	['', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'consumer intelligence platform', '']
Deal United
	Provider of online marketing network. The company provides rewards programs, such as Pay by Shopping, an online payment method that allows end customers to pay for their desired digital and virtual product by purchasing a coupon or product at one of its shopping partners.
	['', 'online networking', ' ', 'reward programs', ' ', 'pay by shopping', '']
e-channel Online
	Operator of an online marketing agency. The company engages in providing various advertising services such as strategic online marketing, media planning and campaign integration in the areas of mobile marketing, video advertising and search engine optimization.
	['', 'online marketing', ' ', 'search engine', ' ', 'social advertising', '']
e2e (ecommerce)
	Provider of e-commerce platform. The company provides e-commerce service for logistics, marketing and technology.
	['', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'online shopping', ' plataforma']
Platinnetz
	Provider of an online community and marketing channel for people 40 and older in Germany. The company provides a social platform enabling members to create profiles and connect with others sharing the same interests. The platform also functions as a marketing channel for advertisers focused on the demographic.
	['', 'online community', ' ', 'over 40', '']
Impact Mobile
	Developer of a mobile marketing platform. The company provides a platform which provide marketing services and carrier grade messaging infrastructure which allow clients to reach mobile subscribers using short messaging service, multimedia messaging service and mobile web.
	['', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'marketing platform', ' ', 'mobile web', '']
Envoii
	Provider of online marketing services. The company develops a distributed software platform that allows businesses to leverage their current infrastructure while making transition to the next generation internet.
	['', 'e commerce', ' ', 'online marketing', ' ', 'online shopping', ' ', 'web services', '']
Groupon Japan
	Provider of daily deal coupons. The company provides website design and internet marketing services and also offers discounts to the online communities from the local businesses.
	['', 'daily deals', ' ', 'discount coupon', ' ', 'on-line coupon distribution', '']
Gydget
	Provider of a social marketing platform. The company helps music groups, teams, non-profits and other organizations reach their audiences.
	['', 'social marketing', ' ', 'online advertising', ' ', 'marketing widget', '']
FastBooking
	Provider of online booking and electronic marketing services for the hospitality industry. The company designs and develops hotel websites, online marketing programs, Internet-enabled direct hotel website bookings, online marketing for hotel websites, consumer portals and integration with third-party consumer booking websites.
	['', 'electronic marketing', ' ', 'internet ticket booking', ' ', 'website development service', ' ', 'marketing program', '']
Marketbright
	Provider of an on-demand marketing automation platform. The company\'s products include eMarketing Enterprise, an on-demand platform to roll out new campaigns, messages and offers daily, and validate strategies; BrightSite, which changes the way prospects interact with sales and marketing teams during an evaluation; and ChannelBright, which runs syndicated campaigns through channels.
	['', 'marketing automation platform', ' ', 'marketing solution', ' ', 'marketing automation', '']
TellApart
	Developer of online marketing applications for ecommerce retailers. The company uses personalized retargeting technology to create banner advertisements and offers a platform that helps users to collect and organize cloud based customer data.
	['', 'display advertising', ' ', 'personalized banner', ' ', 'banner advertisement', '']
Peer Squared
	Operator of an online marketing and rewards platform. The company uses a combination of game-play mechanics, proprietary technology and incentives to harness the power of word-of-mouth marketing on the social web.
	['', 'proprietary technology', ' ', 'rewards platform', '']
Elogia Media
	Provider of an online marketing platform. The company provides e-commerce marketing services.
	['', 'online marketing platform', ' ', 'e-commerce services', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
Dealer.com
	Provider of online marketing services for the automotive industry. The company offers a suite of web services, including automotive dealer websites, search engine marketing, advertising and optimization tools, lead and inventory management tools and the analysis tools for online marketing and advertising programs. It also provides LeadMachine that allows users to capture, track, organize and follow-up on leads from one single online location and video integration, integrated call tracking, performance analytics, advertising Return On Investment (ROI) and Website performance.
	['', 'online marketing service', ' ', 'Web marketing service', ' ', 'inventory marketing', '']
