Medfield Diagnostics
	Manufacturer of diagnostic instrumentation. The company offers microwave technology based equipment to facilitate the diagnosis of stroke. Its products include Strokefinder R10 for doctors in the field of stroke diagnosis and Strokefinder MD100, a diagnostic instrument for use in emergency rooms and ambulances to diagnose the type of stroke.
	['', 'microwave technology', ' ', 'diagnostic equipment', ' ', 'stroke diagnosis', '']
EraGen BioSciences
	Developer and manufacturer of molecular reagent products and software for research and clinical testing markets. The company offers molecular diagnostic assays for the early detection and monitoring of cancer, genetic, and infectious diseases, as well as for genetic-based conditions. It serves clinical laboratories and medical researchers.
	['biotechnology ', 'clinical diagnostic', ' ', 'molecular diagnostic', ' ', 'clinical testing', '']
Genaco
	Developer of molecular diagnostic technology and products. The company\'s main products include commercial kits for prenatal screening and diagnosis of common genetic diseases.
	['', 'molecular diagnostic technology', ' ', 'prenatal screening', ' ', 'genetic diseases', '']
ULSD
	Researcher of oral biology as well as olecular, cellular and craniofacial biology with faculty members. The company\'s main objective is to enhance the speed to market the oral developments within the UofL School of Dentistry.
	['', 'cellular biology', ' ', 'dental hygiene', ' ', 'oral development', '']
DNA Direct
	Provider of genetic guidance and decision support solutions for genetics that enable individuals and healthcare providers use genetic information to guide healthcare decisions. The company\'s solution include pre-test questionnaire, genetics call centers, personalized reports, clinical policy and compliance, and physician education and program customization services, as well as prenatal primer, a web-based interactive guide to prenatal testing options. It also offers tests and services for consumers, including screening tests, testing for genetic disorders, testing for drug response, genetic consultation, DNA storage, and paternity and family tests.
	['', 'genetic guidance', ' ', 'genetic information', ' ', 'healthcare decision', ' ', 'genetic call center', ' ', 'screening test', '']
Signature Genomic Laboratories
	Provider of molecular cytogenetic diagnostic services. The company offers diagnostic services, including pediatric and adult testing, and prenatal services, as well as FISH analysis of clinically relevant loci. The company also provides prenatal diagnosis services, interpretation with genome microarrays, and G-banded karyotype analysis services.
	['', 'diagnostic service', ' ', 'cytogenetic diagnostic service', ' ', 'adult testing', ' ', 'pediatric testing', ' ', 'prenatal service', ' ', 'prenatal diagnosis', ' ', 'genome microarray', '']
Rubikon
	Developer of molecular technologies. The company develops molecular technologies for the treatment and prevention of common cancers combined with new methods for the individualization of tumor therapies.
	['', 'molecular technologies', ' ', 'therapeutic services', '']
Adnavance Technologies
	Developer of diagnostic technology. The company provides direct-detection molecular diagnostic tests. The tests are designed to decentralize the worldwide molecular testing market by enabling hospitals and smaller independent laboratories to conduct their own testing.
	['', 'molecular diagnostic', ' ', 'medical application', ' ', 'diagnostic test', '']
miacom Diagnostics
	Developer of diagnostic kits. The company provides a diagnostic technology that uses biofluorescence to scan for bacteria and other disease-causing pathogens. The kits can be used to evaluate blood and sputum.
	['', 'diagnostic kits', ' ', 'channel pipette', ' ', 'hybridization chamber', ' hotplate fluorescence']
AdvanDx
	Provider of molecular diagnostic tests for identification of pathogens that cause critical infections in hospitalized patients. The company provides its products to medical centers, reference labs, government institutions and community hospitals. Its products are available through a network of sales force in United States, as well as through distributors.
	['', 'vitro diagnostic kit', ' ', 'infectious disease diagnosis', ' ', 'infection treatment', ' ', 'diagnostic kit', ' ', 'infectious disease', ' ', 'diagnostic test', '']
