Hamilton Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of medical treatments for diseases related to central nervous system. The company engages in the development of late-stage products for neurology and psychiatry.
	['', 'medical treatment', ' ', 'medical product', ' ', 'psychiatric disease', '']
ZDworks
	Developer of smartphone development applications. The company engages in the development of smart phone applications for Android devices and iPhones.
	['', 'mobile platform', ' ', 'cellular phone', ' ', 'phone application', '']
Lumativa
	Developer of anti-infectives for women’s health. The company engages in the development and marketing of new drugs to combat infections for women’s health, addressing areas of high unmet medical need.
	['FemiFect ', 'anti-infective', ' gynaecologists']
MobileMax
	Provider of a solution to the calling card industry for serving the lucrative mobile user segment. The company engages in the development, manufacturing and marketing of software and hardware facilitating low-priced international calls by mobile phone.
	['', 'unified communication', ' ', 'fixed mobile convergence', ' ', 'telecommunication service', '']
Ingrepro
	Producer of algae for industrial purposes. The company engages in the development and exploitation of hybrid reactors for algae production. It mainly serves the energy and food industries.
	['', 'algae production', ' ', 'hybrid reactors', ' ', 'waste streams', ' plants ', 'industrial algae', '']
Producteev
	Provider of a platform for task management applications. The company provides applications for individuals and teams connected to Mac, Windows Desktop, Web, iPhone, Android and instant messenger.
	['', 'task management', ' ', 'team communication', ' ', 'team management', ' ', 'individual network', '']
Appurify
	Provider of performance-optimization testing for mobile applications. The company’s platform enables software developers to test their applications on iOS and Android devices under real user conditions. It also provides debugging and optimization tools, actionable test outputs, scriptless tests and framework tests.
	['', 'optimization platform', ' ', 'testing platform', ' ', 'debugging application', '']
Handster
	Provider of white label platform for smart phone users. The company offers a scalable, highly flexible white-label application store solution for mobile operators, handset manufacturers and distributors.
	['', 'application software', ' smartphones ', 'mobile entertainment', '']
Alminder
	Developer of mobile based applications. The company is focused on developing an intelligent mobile calendar application for iPhones and other iOS devices.
	['', 'contextual calendar', ' ', 'smart calendar', ' ', 'time management', '']
Xtreme Labs
	Developer of mobile applications. The company develops applications for Android, BlackBerry, iPhone, iPad, Symbian and Windows Phone 7.
	['', 'Mobile Development', ' ', 'Discovery Product Performance', ' ', 'iOS application', '']
CelioCorp
	Creator of wireless smartphone terminal technologies for organizations, mobile executives, and consumers to access and use their smartphone. The company offers REDFLY Mobile Companion, which lets users to use their smartphone like a laptop and allows to do email, read attachments, view web sites, and use applications that reside on smartphone.
	['', 'wireless smartphone', ' ', 'read email attachment', ' ', 'phone kit', ' ', 'car charger', ' ', 'power supply', '']
Little Eye Software Labs
	Developer of analysis software for developers and testers of Android applications. The company provides a performance-analysis platform enabling developers to measure, analyze and optimize Android apps. The platform generates performance reports, and does not require setup or coding - users plug their device in and begin profiling.
	['', 'android applications', '  ', 'app testing', ' optimization']
Bluenio
	Provider and developer of applications and accessories for smartphones and tablets. The company develops anti theft applications and accessories that help prevent the loss or theft of devices by wireless chaining it to user\'s smartphone or tablet via Bluetooth.
	['', 'security application', ' ', 'device security', ' ', 'bluetooth device', ' ', 'mobile accessory', '']
