FYIQuest
	Developer of an internet-based system that provides customized content to physicians\' offices. The company provides systems that puts portable touchscreen computers in doctors\' waiting rooms through which idle patients can access information and see advertisements.
	['', 'prescription advisory', ' ', 'health information', ' treatment clinics ', 'healthcare advertising', '']
Shiva
	Provider of remote access for business. The company connects employees, customers and partners securely to business networks with integrated telephone network and internet based solutions.
	['', 'remote access technology', ' telecommuters ', 'Internet service providers', '']
MediaFlex
	Provider of internet software and systems for on-demand publishing. The company develops a network that enables e-commerce and the distribution of on-demand image-based products. It develops print procurement technology.
	['', 'on demand publishing', ' ', 'print procurement technology', ' ', 'publishing software', '']
Prodika
	Provider of software and services for product lifecycle management. The company provides CSS, a solution for Internet-based content synchronization and syndication with distributed enterprise systems, trading partners, and industry exchanges that automates the task of distributing product intelligence. It offers infrastructure, business processes, product design tools, and performance management reporting for companies that design and manufacture products based on recipes, formulation, and processing.
	['', 'product life-cycle management', ' ', 'Internet-based content synchronization', ' ', 'performance management application', ' ', 'business process management', '']
IP Dynamics
	Provider of secure virtual network solutions. The company provides solutions for internet-based service providers.
	['network ', 'internet service providers', '']
Tiscali Telecom
	Provider of internet services. The company provides broadband and narrow band internet services in France.
	['', 'internet service', ' ', 'broadband service', ' ', 'narrow band internet', '']
Rewired Production Management
	Developer of internet based systems to manage the information flow required to employ and pay unionized performers who appear in broadcast commercials. The company provides management of information relating to the use of union talent in the production of commercials, music and films.
	['', 'information services', ' ', 'broadcast services', ' ', 'talent management', '']
Open Mind
	Provider of internet based services. The company provides software services for internet based collaboration.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'internet service', ' ', 'software collaboration', '']
FICS Group
	Provider of an internet based application for the financial services industry. The company provides java-based corporate electronic banking and central bank reporting software.
	['', 'smart card development', ' ', 'online transaction', ' ', 'fund transfer', '']
Camelot Care
	Provider of foster care and community based services. The company is a six state provider of foster care and community based services in Illinois, Indiana, Tennessee, Nebraska, Ohio and Florida.
	['']
OneSoft Corporation
	Developer and provider of internet commerce application software and services that enable customers to build and extend their online businesses.
	['', 'e-commerce solutions', ' ', 'e-commerce website', '']
DRUMS
	Provider of web-based intelligent selling systems. The company develops Internet based products that target specific sales processes.
	['', 'web based system', ' ', 'intelligent selling system', ' ', 'internet product', '']
Clarity Technologies
	Provider of software and services for improving the audio quality and performance of voice-based communications systems and products.
	['', 'audio quality', ' ', 'voice communication', ' ', 'voice product', '']
Brassring
	Provider of talent management services. The company provides software, services and outsourcing that helps organizations identify, assess, recruit and retain a globally competitive workforce.
	['', 'talent management service', ' ', 'outsourcing service', ' ', 'recruitment consulting', '']
Cogito
	Provider of graph-based relationship analytics software and services. The company provides middle-ware engines, servers, development tools, components such as graph engine and fundamental graph services.
	['', 'graph-based applications', ' ', 'graph engine', ' ', 'graph server', ' ', 'Data Integration Broker (DIB)', '']
ViaCarla Photo
	Provider of photo software applications and services to retailers and internet portal clients. The company provides European photo laboratories and retailers with internet based digital imaging applications and services like directly managing, hosting, storage and order fulfillment services on behalf of its clients.
	['', 'photo software applications', ' ', 'photo software', ' ', 'digital photo', ' ', 'photo services', '']
AccuWater
	Developer of resource conservation technologies specializing in internet based irrigation system. The company develops software and services for optimizing landscape irrigation using landscape modeling and weather forecast.
	['', 'Conservation Technologies', ' ', 'Internet Based Irrigation', ' ', 'Water Conservation', ' ', 'Landscape Irrigation', ' Agriculture']
9Cookies
	Developer of an internet based system for restaurants and delivery services. The company provides a tablet based platform with tools for taking orders, accepting card payments, scheduling employees, printing receipts and creating custom notes for the kitchen.
	['', 'restaurant service', ' ', 'delivery service', ' ', 'tablet based platform', '']
BUYandHOLD Securities
	Provider of an online investing service platform. The company provides an internet based investment brokerage service to retail customers.
	['', 'internet brokerage', ' ', 'internet based brokerage', ' ', 'brokerage service', '']
The Mrathon Group
	Provider of internet professional services. The company provides services in development, marketing, e-commerce solutions and e-business strategy.
	['e-commerce e-business ', 'internet services', ' ', 'professional services', '  ', 'internet professional services', '']
CompareNet
	Provider of an Internet-based comparative shopping service. The company provides comparisons for items such as automobiles, motorcycles, sporting goods and software. The company also offers reviews, staff product picks, discussion links and a classified section.
	['', 'consumer awareness', ' ', 'price comparison', ' ', 'product review', '']
Centra Software
	Provider of enterprise application software and services for real-time communication, collaboration and learning over the web. The company provides software infrastructure and an ecosystem of strategic partnerships for virtual classrooms, web conferences and eMeetings. The company also offers consulting, education, content creation and support services that enable its customers to implement, deploy and support its products and services.
	['', 'online business communication', ' ', 'web seminars', ' ', 'virtual learning', ' ', 'web meetings', ' ', 'content management', '']
NextGenTel
	Provider of internet network access services. The company is a DSL provider offering DSL based services, access to contents via its broadband portal BroadPark, full Internet services (ISP), IP based services (VPN) and IP based telephony.
	['', 'outsourced activities', ' ', 'IP based', ' ', 'broadband service', '']
Right Vision
	Provider of internet applications. The company, based in France, provides software based internet applications.
	['', 'internet application', ' ', 'internet software', ' ', 'software application', '']
nQuire Software
	Provider of the internet-based search and analytic platform for structured information. The company server accesses the data warehouses and intelligently federates information from multiple systems and data sources including data warehouses, data marts, operational, transactional and XML-based sources.
	['', 'analytic platform', ' ', 'server access', ' ', 'data warehouse', ' ', 'data mart', ' ', 'xml source', '']
Luminate Software
	Provider of internet-based systems management platform. The company offers Mamba, a real-time monitoring and alerting software; and Luminate.Net, an automatic problem identification service delivered over the internet.
	['', 'real time software', ' ', 'problem identification service', ' ', 'internet based management', '']
Caw Networks
	Developer of real-world capacity assessment products for websites and network devices. The company sells internet-based software which measures the capacity of web sites without having to put the sites under actual user loads.
	['', 'capacity assessment product', ' ', 'internet software', ' ', 'stress testing appliance', '']
7d Software
	Provider of software services. The company engages in the development and marketing of a personalization software which provides internet-based services for its clients.
	['', 'personalization software', ' internet-based ', 'software services', '']
Mekanist
	Developer of a shopping software platform. The company has developed a software platform for consumers to buy goods and services on the internet.
	['', 'shopping software', ' ', 'online shop', ' ', 'buy online', '']
Career Rewards
	Provider of internet based referral recruiting services. The company\'s referral recruiting product allows employers to reach new sources of candidates by combining the hiring technique of personal referrals with internet technology.
	['', 'recruiting services', ' ', 'hiring technique', ' ', 'employment agency', '']
NORM Research & Consulting
	Developer of an internet based tool for the analysis of consumer decision-making at the point of purchase, using virtual store environments. The company is an independent research and consultancy firm specialized in understanding and predicting consumer and shopper behavior.
	['', 'productivity software', ' ', 'internet based tool', ' ', 'shopper behavior', '']
