Virtustream
	Provider of cloud services and infrastructure services. The company provides cloud services, such as guaranteed resources and capacity on demand, secured private, hybrid clouds, custom management portal, network services, multi-tiered solutions, workload management and departmental level billing.
	['', 'strategic planning', ' ', 'cloud consultant', ' ', 'hybrid cloud', '']
dotFX
	Provider of technology to develop, deploy, run, and manage client and desktop software over the Internet. The company\'s proprietary technology provides support for developing, deploying and managing applications for cloud and client.
	['', 'cloud software', ' ', 'proprietary technology', ' ', 'desktop software', '']
AppFog
	Provider of a web based application platform. The company provides a platform as a service that allows to deploy, manage and scale applications written in all languages, with all frameworks, across public, private and hybrid clouds.
	['', 'web application deployment', ' ', 'application scaling', ' ', 'workload portability', '']
E-Tech Solutions
	Provider of eSolutions through its life cycle services approach to other enterprises. The company also offers business architecture, user experience, infrastructure management, e-business and mobility solutions. The company primarily provides technology solutions so that a company get the most from its interactions with employees, partners and customers.
	['', 'technology solution', ' eSolutions  e-business']
ScriptLogic
	Provider of network administration software for Microsoft Windows-based networks. The company offers active directory, application, desktop, incident, server, SQL server, and vulnerability management solutions. It also provides Patch Authority Ultimate, an enterprise-class patch management solution; and Desktop Authority, a desktop lifecycle management solution. In addition, the company offers Security Explorer, a graphical solution for real-time management of access controls and security on workstations across the enterprise.
	['', 'network administration software', ' ', 'patch management solution', ' ', 'desktop lifecycle management', '']
GHN Online
	Developer of a revenue cycle management platform and clearinghouse focusing on the healthcare industry. The company serves the enterprise-class clientele through their intuitive web-based claims management solution during every stage of the electronic billing process.
	['', 'revenue cycle management', ' ', 'transaction processing', ' ', 'claims processing', '']
Elastra
	Provider of software for designing, deploying, and managing application systems in public and private cloud computing environments. The company offers Elastic Computing, a database and application infrastructure solution.
	['', 'application infrastructure', ' ', 'cloud computing', ' ', 'Cloud Server', ' ', 'cloud environment', '']
Eucalyptus Systems
	Developer of open-source software platform for implementing on-premise private and hybrid clouds. The company offers Elastic Utility Computing Architecture for Linking Your Programs to Useful Systems (EUCALYPTUS), which implements cloud computing on clusters, as well as delivers hybrid cloud deployments for enterprise data centers.
	['', 'cloud computing', ' ', 'hybrid cloud', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'computing architecture', ' ', 'cluster computing', '']
Appcore
	Provider of local cloud infrastructure for Enterprise Private Clouds and Service Provider Public Clouds. The company provides a converged platform of architecture, automation, administration and appstore designed to be roll-in ready, accelerating the deployment and automating the operations of cloud environments. It simplifies the complexity of cloud technology for data centers, telcos, software vendors and enterprises.
	['', 'cloud infrastructure', ' ', 'enterprise private Cloud', ' ', 'service provider cloud', ' ', 'cloud computing', '']
EnStratus Networks
	Provider of cloud management and governance solutions. The company offers enStratus, a cloud infrastructure management solution for deploying and managing enterprise-class applications in public, private, and hybrid clouds.
	['', 'cloud management', ' ', 'governance solution', ' ', 'cloud infrastructure', '']
