Ultranat
	Provider of technologies for the treatment of power plant waste ash. The company\'s technology enables ash from biomass fuel power plants to be processed into valuable  end-of-waste products, like fertilizers and animal feed.
	['', 'Waste treatment', ' ', 'processing ash', ' ', 'biomass fuel power plants', '']
Power Innovations International
	Provider of services for power management, power storage and green energy technologies for power generation and re-generation. The company also offers consulting and customization of original equipment manufacturer development accessories.
	['', 'power management', ' ', 'power generation', ' ', 'power storage', '']
Greenvironment
	Developer of micro-turbine technology.The company offers CHP plants in a power range of 30 kWel to 1 MWel with low maintenance requirements and low emissions.
	['', 'turbine technology', ', ', 'power plant', ', ', 'biogas', '']
NuScale Power
	Designer of electric light water reactor nuclear power plants for nuclear power generation applications in government and commercial sectors in the United States. The company offers single-unit systems and multi-module facilities.
	['', 'small modular reactor', ' ', 'nuclear power plant', ' ', 'energy service', '']
Savonia Power
	Operator of power plants for combined heat and electricity production. The company specializes in power generation module for combined heat and power production in power plants. It also provides power plant maintenance and service.
	['', 'power plant', ' ', 'power generation', ' ', 'heat production', ' ', 'power generation module', '']
Jurong Aromatics
	Operator of integrated aromatics plants. The company operates aromatic chemical production plant and produces transportation fuels in Singapore.
	['aromatics ', 'transportation fuels', ' ', 'petrochemical plant', '']
Jiveman Motors
	Manufacturer of motors for power generation. The company offers internal combustion engines.
	['', 'power generation', ' ', 'combustion engine', ' ', 'motor engine', '']
NDM-Kintx Co
	Manufacturer of heat exchangers and heat management systems. The company specializes in designing key heat transfer components for the aerospace, marine and military industries.
	['', 'Heat exchangers', ' ', 'heat management system', ' ', 'heat transfer components', '']
Ausra
	Developer of utility-scale solar thermal power. The company offers Compact Linear Fresnel Reflector, a solar collector and steam generation system. Its zero-carbon power plants generate electricity at current market prices for fossil-fired power without the emissions caused by burning fuels.
	['reflector thermal ', 'steam generation', ' electric fossil carbon power']
Enginion
	Provider of technology in the field of steam-operated, compact cogeneration systems. The company offers SteamCell, a low-emission, combined heat and power generation system using external combustion based on a Caloric Porous Structure Cell (CPS Cell) technology. CPS Cell technology utilizes a thermo-chemical combustion process, which drives an electronically controlled, oil-free steam engine. The company supplies SteamCell core systems to original equipment manufacturers who integrate them into their products.
	['', 'cogeneration systems', ' combustion ', 'thermo-chemical', ' ', 'steam engine', '']
Benchmarq
	Provider of power-sensitive and portable electronic systems. The company provides integrated IC and module solutions that address problems in managing battery-operated, low-power, and power-sensitive equipment.
	['ic battery']
Apache Design Solutions
	Developer of physical design and verification software solutions for the semiconductor industry. The company provides power sign-off and silicon integrity platform solutions. It\'s products enables designers of semiconductor and fabless companies to detect, fix, and prevent design weaknesses. It\'s solutions include power integrity, low power management, and noise control.
	['', 'semiconductor design', ' ', 'semiconductor verification', ' ', 'verification software', ' ', 'silicon integrity', ' ', 'power management', ' ', 'noise control', ' ', 'power integrity noise control', '']
Solucel
	Developer of plant-derived pharmaceuticals. The company offers small molecules, such as secondary metabolites from plants for pharmaceutical applications.
	['', 'plant-derived pharmaceutical', ' ', 'plant biotechnology', ' microbial fermentation']
Hawkeye Renewables (Ethanol Plants)
	Producer of ethanol with plants in Iowa Falls and Fairbank, Iowa. The company\'s plants are specialized in ethanol and dried distiller grains.
	['', 'ethanol plant', ' ', 'renewable resource', ' refinery']
LaTherm
	Producer of the mobile heat storage containers. The company turns waste heat into useful heat. A total of 2.5 MWh of unused heat generated by chemical plants, steelworks, aluminum smelters, waste incineration plants, biogas plants, or landfill gas plants can be stored in the sodium acetate within our containers. From the sources, heat is transported where and when it is needed; off-grid and on the road.
	['', 'waste heat', ' ', 'useful heat', ' ', 'heat storage', '']
Advanced Power Projects
	Provider of power by focusing on natural gas power generation. The company develops new power plants to reduce power costs for industrial customers, as well as provides technologies to facilitate the economic deployment of wind, solar, and biomass plants.
	['', 'power generation', ' ', 'natural gas', ' ', 'biomass plants', '']
HF2
	Developer of a photovoltaic power plant. The company sells energy to the market and is also entitled to the Italian GSE feed-in tariff system. The develops photovoltaic power plant that is used to reduce CO2 emissions.
	['', 'renewable energy', ' ', 'photovoltaic power', '']
