Cherry
	Provider of on demand car wash services to customers. The company\'s service allows its users to park the car anywhere, check in online and get the car washed.
	['', 'car wash', ' ', 'car cleaning', ' ', 'car maintenance', ' ', 'cleaning service', ' ', 'automobile service', ' ', 'auto service', ' ', 'car service', ' ', 'vehicle maintenance', ' ', 'car washing', ' ', 'driving service', '']
Lysanda
	Developer of advanced telematics and infomatics technology to the automotive sector. The company develops driver-analysis and driver identification technologies utilized by OEM automotive manufacturers, fleet operators and insurance companies. The company is the creator of the Eco-Log, a plug-and-play device designed to reduce vehicle-fleet running costs by providing data of fuel consumption and wastage.
	['', 'fuel emission', ' ', 'fuel consumption', ' ', 'fuel wastage', ' pollution ', 'fleet operator', ' OEM']
Toroleo
	Provider of a price and product comparison platform for the automotive sector. The company allows users to compare prices for products such as vehicle parts, accessories, tires, rims and car insurances from multiple retailers. It also provides comparison services for auto insurance and car-rental services. Its platform also functions as a marketing channel for automotive-related businesses.
	['', 'product comparison', ' ', 'price comparison', ' ', 'vehicle car', ' ', 'rental car', ' ', 'car insurance', '']
Green Car
	Provider of an online platform for car rental services. The company\'s platform provides car sharing services in South Korea.
	['']
Digby
	Developer of mobile platform that comprises of analytics, outreach, venue and storefront for the retail sector. The company provides a graphical interface from which its users can browse various products from name-brand retailers, some of which are stored locally and others that can be found through a product search feature.
	['', 'mobile commerce solution', ' ', 'mobile engagement solution', ' ', 'Mobile Commerce Software Platform', ' ', 'market analysis', ' ', 'market research', '']
Troquelería del Norte
	Manufacturer of tools and dies. The company serves various manufacturing industries focusing on the automotive sector.
	['die ', 'manufacturing industry', ' ', 'automotive sector', '']
Platinnetz
	Provider of an online community and marketing channel for people 40 and older in Germany. The company provides a social platform enabling members to create profiles and connect with others sharing the same interests. The platform also functions as a marketing channel for advertisers focused on the demographic.
	['', 'online community', ' ', 'over 40', '']
MyETone
	Provider of a product review and price comparison portal. The company provides a platform to review products and services and compare their prices.
	['', 'price comparison', ' ', 'product review', ' ', 'review portal', '']
Auto.nl
	Provider of a subscription car service in the Netherlands. The company provides a car service that requires users to pay a subscription fee only for the gas and use of the vehicle, while the company handles all warranty, maintenance and replacement-transport costs and services.
	['', 'car rental', ' ', 'car leasing', ' ', 'car lease', '']
AutoRef
	Provider of a car shopping website for buying used car. The company develops an online platform that has auto dealers bidding for users based on a user\'s search criteria.
	['', 'used car', ' ', 'used vehicle', ' ', 'online vehicle dealership', '']
TicketStumbler
	Operator of a secondary ticket market search engine and comparison website. The company allows users to find seats for events and compare the prices offered by online ticket retailers.
	['', 'ticket search engine', ' ', 'ticket comparison', ' ', 'online ticket', ' ', 'ticket market', '']
