Portico Systems
	Provider of health plans software solutions.
	['', 'health plans software', ' ', 'sofware solution', ' ', 'health software solution', '']
Pertinence
	Provider of predictive, rules-based data-mining solutions. The company provides Enterprise Manufacturing Intelligence (EMI) software solutions and analytical solutions that enable manufacturers, operators, and maintenance organizations to meet their business goals while addressing inherent industry challenges and realizing unprecedented ROI.
	['data ', 'enterprise manufacturing', ' ', 'artificial intelligence', ' ', 'analytical solution', '']
Merced Systems
	Provider of enterprise software solutions. The company focuses on improving the business execution of customer facing functions, including sales and customer Service.
	['', 'Service Performance Management', ' Sales']
Vivisimo
	Provider of enterprise search software solutions to OEM and reseller markets. The companies search solutions are used on corporate and governmental Web sites, enterprise intranets and departments, and in government intelligence agencies.
	['', 'search software', ' ', 'reseller market', ' ', 'search solution', ' ', 'information management', ' ', 'security management', ' ', 'navigation software', '']
Westwave Communications
	Developer of software solutions. The company develops software solutions that enable Local Exchange Carriers (LECs), hardware vendors, and Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) to implement converged services quickly, at the lowest-cost entry point in the network, and with minimal operational impact. The company provides carriers with a smooth migration path and an adaptive, responsive network that speeds time to market and improves the bottom line.
	['', 'electronic switches', ' ', 'telecommunications network solutions', ' ', 'hardware vendors', ' ', 'virtual switching technology', '\\n', 'media gateway', ' ', 'media servers', '']
E-Sponder
	Provider of software solutions for managing emergency situations. The company\'s web-based software is designed to help agencies collaborate, share data, send alerts, geograpically track events and adhere to NIMS/ICS guidelines.
	['', 'alert module', ' ', 'software solutions', ' ', 'microsoft platform', ' ', 'web-based software', '']
Dblur technology
	Developer of software lens technology.The company develops software solutions mainly for camera manufacturers. The company also mobile phone camera vendors solution for the design of miniature cameras at lower cost.
	['cellular digital medical camera']
Employease
	Provider of employee information management solutions. The company provides Web-based solutions and outsourcing options for HR and benefits professionals.
	['', 'employee information', ' ', 'management solution', ' ', 'web based solution', '']
Prism Solutions
	Designer, developer and marketer of data warehouse management software solutions in United States. The company also provides database management solutions to its customers.
	['', 'data warehouse', ' ', 'database solution', ' DBMS']
Open Channel Software
	Publisher of software solutions from academic and research institutions. The company focuses on the need for a new mechanism to efficiently publish software from the university while allowing for the commercialization of the most promising programs. The company developed the idea of a separating the publishing entity from the commercialization process by creating a non-profit organization (Open Channel Foundation) devoted to publication and community building.
	['', 'aerodynamics applications', ' ', 'artificial intelligence', ' ', 'economics applications', '']
New River Innovation
	Provider of taxation software solutions. The company uses its post-filing tax technology and engages in development of web-based software solutions.
	['tax ', 'software solution', ' ', 'taxation software', '']
Pavilion Technologies
	Provider of a model-based software for the manufacturing industry. The company offers advanced process control, production optimization and environmental compliance solutions to a wide range of industries globally. The company provides technology solutions and real-time environmental management solutions through its software platform, Pavilion8.
	['', 'environmental services', ' ', 'modular software', ' ', 'optimization services', '']
