Savene (European Assets)
	Provider of detoxifying agents. The company specializes in providing dexrazoxane to prevent the effect of anthracyclines.
	['dexrazoxane anthracyclines chemotherapy ', 'catalytic cycle', '']
Magellan Technology
	Provider of RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) technology and related services. The company manufactures advanced read and write 13.56 MHz RFID systems.
	['', 'Radio Frequency Identification', ' ', 'wireless signals', ' ', 'wireless communication', '']
Somark Innovations
	Developer of chip-less radio frequency identification tattoos for animal identification. The company also provides inventory management IDs for automotive parts, documents and casino chips.
	['tattoos ', 'radio frequency', ' ', 'animal identification', '']
motionID technologies
	Developer of radio frequency identification technology for mobile end-user and traffic infrastructure industry. The company provides a passive radio frequency identification technology that monitors the entrances and exits of parking garages or on-street parking areas.
	['', 'touchless identification system', ' ', 'RFID tag', ' ', 'automation services', ' ', 'B2C applications', '']
MaxStream
	Provider of wireless modem networking products. The company specializes in providing wireless modem modules, stand-alone radio modems, radio frequency design services for electronic devices.
	['', 'modem networking', ' ', 'stand-alone radio', ' ', 'radio frequency', '']
Flarion Technologies
	Developer of orthogonal frequency division multiplex access (OFDMA) technology and FLASH-OFDM technology for mobile broadband Internet protocol (IP) services. The company makes radio-frequency base stations (RadioRouter) that enable mobile wireless carriers to offer high-speed data services to subscribers. It also licenses the FLASH-OFDM technology to facilitate the design of FLASH-OFDM enabled networks and computing devices, such as notebook PCs, handheld PCs, personal digital assistants, web tablets, and handsets.
	['', 'broadband service', ' ', 'radio frequency station', ' ', 'FLASH-OFDM technology', ' ', 'wireless telecommunication product', '']
Celestry
	Provider of physical design products. The company offers software and services to electronic and semiconductor companies that are involved with the design of chips.
	['chips electrinc semiconductor']
El Dorado Communications
	Operator of Spanish-language radio stations in the U.S. The company operates multiple radio stations in California and Texas.
	['', 'radio broadcasting', ' ', 'spanish radio', ' ', 'radio operator', '']
AeroScout
	Provider of wireless asset tracking and monitoring services. The company provides Wi-Fi-based Active radio frequency identification (RFID) services.
	['', 'Bluetooth chip manufacturer', ' ', 'wireless network', ' ', 'asset tracking', ' ', 'radio frequency identification', '']
RF-IT Solutions
	Provider of software and services for micro-chip non contact communication systems. The company provides radio frequency identification (RFID) software products which serves as a platform for system integrators, software manufacturers and operators, as well as supports RFID infrastructure ranging from smart labels to readers, barcode scanners, label printers and I/O devices.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'barcode scanner', ' ', 'system integrator', ' ', 'software manufacturer', ' ', 'technology consulting', '']
Quorum Systems
	Developer of radio frequency transceivers for mobile handset devices. The company provides transceivers for multi-band GSM, GPRS, EDGE, and HSDPA applications, as well as to support TD-SCDMA and GSM-EDGE operations.
	['', 'radio frequency transceiver', ' ', 'mobile transceiver', ' ', 'semiconductor device', '']
Modesat Communications
	Developer of point-to-point modem technology. The company offers modem technology products for wireless and wired communication applications.
	['', 'modem technology', ' ', 'wired communication application', ' ', 'wireless communication application', '']
Sierra Technologies
	Designer and manufacturer of radio-frequency products and systems for military and civilian applications. The company is a defense contractor based in Buffalo, New York.
	['', 'radio-frequency products', ' ', 'military products', ' ', 'defense products', '']
RapidBlue Solutions
	Provider of retail data and offline shopper analytics. The company uses radio frequency technology to collect shopper movement information and then transforms the anonymous data into information and insights that retailers can use to manage the marketing, merchandising and operations of their businesses.
	['', 'retail data', ' ', 'radio frequency', ' ', 'shopper movement', '']
Prism Radio Partners
	Operator of radio stations.
	['', 'Radio Broadcasting', '']
