Hunch
	Operator of a decision-making site that customizes decision results for the user.
	['', 'decision making', ' ', 'customized web browsing', ' ', 'machine learning', ' ', 'browser learning', ' ', 'browser recommendations', ' ', 'custom browsing', ' ', 'personal recommendations', '']
Neuralitic Systems
	Provider of mobile data intelligence technology. The company offers the fundamental building blocks that allows CSPs to generate revenue streams by improving decision-making aimed at subscriber acquisition, conversion and retention.
	['', 'data intelligence tool', ' ', 'content usage pattern', ' ', 'data mediation', ' ', 'network architecture', '']
Firebase
	Provider of a group chat service for users website. The company provides a platform for clients to understand how to navigate through the people, processes and technologies that work together to provide valuable information for decision making.
	['', 'chat service', ' ', 'real time technology', ' ', 'online chat', '']
Corticon Technologies
	Provider of business rules management solutions for companies to model and automate recurring decisions in their enterprise systems. The company offers a Management System that manages the rules that drive decisions, including design, analysis, execution, and optimization. Its suite includes a desktop environment to model, analyze, test, and package business rules; a performance execution engine that deploys rules from the Modeling Studio as decision services; a package of integrated components that deliver enterprise data integration and analysis for decision automation; and a system that provides multi-user environment to manage rule assets through their lifecycle.
	['', 'business rules management', ' ', 'automate recurring decision', ' ', 'enterprise system', ' ', 'performance execution engine', ' ', 'integrated component', ' ', 'decision automation', '']
Austhink Software
	Development of behavioral technologies. The company offers a software whicxh enables users to increase their reasoning, logical thinking, problem-solving, decision-making and communication skills.
	['', 'behavioral technologies', ' ', 'critical thinking', ' ', 'problem-solving', ' ', 'decision making', '']
Quiver
	Developer of information management software. The company offers QKS Classifier, a taxonomy and content categorization platform that combines the technology with human judgment to increase productivity and informed decision-making.
	['', 'information management software', ' productivity ', 'content categorization', ' MIS']
Resolution EBS
	Developer of decision making logic systems for health, manufacturing, property and casualty insurance industries. The company provides a platform, \'Centrifuge\', which is business rules management platform that automates decision making within the business front office.
	['', 'management platform', ' ', 'automation software', ' ', 'online services', '']
Haley Systems
	Provider of a software for business rules management systems. The company provides cycle times associated with automating business rules, such as policies, procedures, regulations and logic. It also offers consulting, training, and support services.
	['', 'business rules management', ' ', 'cycle time', ' ', 'business rule', ' consulting ', 'rule based application', ' ', 'automating business rule', '']
Aequus Technologies
	Provider of technology products and services. The company\'s products includes Aequus VRS which provides video relay services for the Deaf and hard-of-hearing community under the brand name Snap!VRS, Aequus DPS which develops and markets digital publishing services designed to improve learning outcomes for all students, including students with special needs and Aequus EKS which partners with technology providers to encode content with knowledge for intelligent adaptation for unique user needs, business processes, and decision making applications.
	['', 'digital publishing', ' ', 'video relay', ' ', 'information management', ' ', 'electronics equipment', '']
