Yantra
	Provider of distributed order management and supply chain fulfillment solutions for retail, distribution, logistics, and manufacturing industries. The company focuses on distributed order management, supply collaboration, inventory synchronization, reverse logistics, logistics management, networked warehouse management, and delivery and service scheduling. It also provides consulting and support services. It offers Yantra 7x products, a comprehensive group of software applications, which enable organizations to manage their fulfillment processes across customers, operations, suppliers, and partners.
	['', 'distributed order management', ' ', 'supply chain fulfillment solution', ' ', 'distributed order management', ' ', 'inventory synchronization', '']
Sandlot
	Provider of subscription management software and services for publishing industry. The company\'s product EclipseNet, manages order fulfillment processes within the virtual enterprise. The company provides a in-house and hosted services for management of recurring order transactions, integrated order process management, order fulfillment and customer service.
	['', 'application software', ' e-business ', 'subscription solutions', '']
PlanetRx
	Provider of online drugstore fulfillment. The website is an online drugstore where customers can find all the usual prescription products in their drugstore and order online.
	['', 'online drugstore', ' ', 'online drugstore', ' ', 'online store', '']
ViaCarla Photo
	Provider of photo software applications and services to retailers and internet portal clients. The company provides European photo laboratories and retailers with internet based digital imaging applications and services like directly managing, hosting, storage and order fulfillment services on behalf of its clients.
	['', 'photo software applications', ' ', 'photo software', ' ', 'digital photo', ' ', 'photo services', '']
Intelligent Markets
	Provider of comprehensive order management software and services to broker dealers. The company offers ALTA, an order management system, which offers services in multiple asset classes, including convertible bonds, corporate bonds, OTC equities and derivatives.
	['broker ', 'corporate bond', ' ', 'convertible bond', '']
Valdero
	Provider of supply chain performance management and analytical collaboration software applications. The company provides inventory visibility and order fulfillment software applications.
	['', 'supply chain performance', ' ', 'order fulfillment software', ' ', 'supply chain analytic', ' ', 'supply chain software', ' ', 'supply chain', '']
Accretive Commerce
	Provider of outsourced operations solutions to the companies engaged in one-to-one direct commerce. The company offers ecommerce, customer care, life-cycle of marketing, customer acquisition, returns management and fulfillment and logistics solutions. It also provides professional services, technology integration, custom business process solutions and lean six sigma strategies as well as marketing, Web design and product imaging, direct response/infomercials and direct mail support and order management.
	['', 'operation outsourcing', ' ', 'customer care', ' ', 'six sigma strategy', ' ', 'returns management', ' ', 'life-cycle marketing', '']
Arcanvs
	Developer of identity proof processors for online cash transactions. The company offers a licensed certification for digital signatures in order to enable online signatures.
	['', 'online transaction', ' ', 'digital signature', '']
Maximum Data Solutions
	Provider of data collection and warehouse management technology solutions. The company operates as an independent software vendor of automated data collection hardware and software for companies that utilize the Microsoft Dynamics GP ERP packages. Its software products include InTouch Distribution, a module which connects, collects, and controls various aspects of Microsoft Dynamics GP receiving, order fulfillment, and inventory control functions; and InTouch Manufacturing, a solution developed for the purpose of acquiring and entering information about the inventory and processes.
	['', 'warehouse management technology', ' ', 'data collection', ' ', 'inventory information entering', '']
