RelateIQ
	Provider of a professional relationship management platform. The company’s platform automatically captures communications data pulled from mail systems, smartphone calls, calendars and social networks.
	['', 'application programming interface', ' ', 'personal correspondence management', ' ', 'business management', ' ', 'customer data analysis', '']
BlackFoot
	Provider of campaign analysis and marketing intelligence management tools.
	['', 'campaign analysis', ' ', 'marketing intelligence', ' ', 'data modeling', '']
Dotomi
	Provider of Internet advertising and media management services. The company\'s full service solutions provide media, data management, campaign management, analytical and technical support.
	['', 'media management', ' ', 'internet advertising', ' ', 'data management', ' ', 'campaign management', '']
Data Distilleries
	Provider of customer relationship management services. The company uses data-mining technology to build models to predict customer behavior, as well as providing real-time analytics for business intelligence.
	['', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'customer behaviour', ' ', 'customer interaction', '']
Intelligent Results
	Provider of customer analytics and decision management software. The company also provides solutions for collection, recovery, marketing and customer service.
	['', 'decision management', ' ', 'customer analytics', ' ', 'software platform', '']
Aurum Software
	Provider of Customer Relationship Management solutions for automating global sales, marketing, and customer service operations.  The company\'s products are based on advanced client/server and Internet/Intranet technologies and provide businesses with integrated, adaptable and mobile software solutions.
	['customers, relationship, relationship management, customer management, software, global sales, marketing, customer service, customer service operations']
VirtuOz
	Provider of Digital Customer Relationship system to large and mid-market enterprises. The company offers Intelligent Virtual Agents to provide world-class online marketing, sales and support channels.
	['', 'virtual agent', ' ', 'customer assistance', ' ', 'Digital Customer Relationship', ' ', 'Intelligent Virtual Agent', ' ', 'online marketing', ' ', 'support channel', '']
Celebrus Technologies
	Provider of customer intelligence tracking. The company is the creator of tag-free software enabling businesses to analyze customer interactions with their digital channels in real time. The technology is designed to build a complete picture of individual customers, and using the data to drive real-time personalization, one-to-one communications, cross-channel marketing, campaign optimization and fraud detection.
	['', 'customer analytics', ' SaaS ', 'intelligence tracking', '']
Cypress Golf Solutions
	Developer of customer relationship management software for the golf industry. The company offers marketing tools that give golf courses the ability to market products and services directly to their customers.
	['', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'golf industry', ' ', 'marketing tools', '']
Commence
	Provider of customer relationship management software for small to mid-size enterprises. The company offers various software technologies for the front office business processes, and specializes in cloud-based customer relationship management and business process automation software.
	['', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'front office', ' ', 'business process automation', '']
TargetRx
	Provider of insight into the drivers of physician behavior for pharmaceutical companies.
	['', 'physician behavior', ' ', 'pharmaceutical marketing', ' ', 'campaign development', '']
Bluestreak
	Provider of marketing data services for interactive agencies and advertisers in the United Kingdom and internationally. The company provides The Bluestreak 6.0 platform that delivers the workflow, analysis and optimization for professional marketers, as well as offers an approach for planning and tracking digital marketing efforts in various channels, including display advertisements, search, media/video and email; Ad Manager, a campaign management solution, which organizes work flow to launch, manage and optimize digital marketing campaign; cross-channel performance capturing solutions; campaign performance and user-defined reports and custom marketing dashboard services.
	['', 'marketing data', ' ', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'display advertisement', ' ', 'campaign management', ' ', 'campaign performance', '']
Epiphany.com
	Developer of for software for customer relationship management. The company provides integrated set of software tools for analysis of customer data and marketing campaign management.
	['', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'customer data analysis', ' ', 'marketing campaign management', '']
