Masimo
	Manufacturer of innovative noninvasive patient monitoring technologies. The company offers noninvasive blood constituent patient monitoring services that consists of a monitor or circuit board and its proprietary single-patient use and reusable sensors and cables.
	['', 'patient monitoring', ' ', 'healthcare services', ' ', 'medical device', '']
Health Market Science
	Provider of data integration and analytic software for the health care industry. The company supplies data on healthcare professionals and operates a practitioner-level medical claims database in the U.S. Its data assets also help its clients deal with government compliance, reduce operational costs and more.
	['', 'federal compliance', ' ', 'healthcare information', ' ', 'federal regulation compliance', ' ', 'customer data validation', '']
Medico.com
	Provider of an online global health portal. The portal allows users across the globe to gather and share locally-relevant health care information.
	['', 'health care information', ' ', 'health information portal', ' ', 'online health portal', '']
Ensure Medical
	Developer of devices for post catheterization closure of the femoral artery. The company offers femoral artery closure device, which uses a synthetic bioabsorbable polymer to stop bleeding and close the site of the arterial puncture. It also offers cardiac and vascular devices for health care professionals to treat cardiovascular diseases.
	['', 'arterial puncture', ' ', 'femoral artery', ' ', 'health care professional', '']
Lively (Wireless Monitoring Technology)
	Developer of a wireless monitoring technology for senior citizens. The company has developed a safety watch and sensors for monitoring pill dispensers, appliances and other everyday items. The system shares sensor data through its home health platform for older adults, enabling family members and other caregivers to get alerts.
	['', 'remote sensor', ' ', 'remote monitoring', ' ', 'family networking', ' ', 'family communication platform', ' ', 'photo sharing', ' ', 'family message sharing', '']
Mackmyra Svensk Whisky
	Mackmyra Svensk Whisky AB is engaged in manufacturing, sales and marketing of malt whiskey and whiskey-related products. The Company offers a range of Swedish Whiskey\'s produced at its distillery located in Mackmyra Mill in Gastrikland.
	['', 'Single Malt Whiskey', ' Whiskey ', 'Whiskey related products', ' ', 'whiskey events', ' ', 'malt whiskey', '']
Itemfield
	Provider of data transformation software for mission-critical enterprise applications.The company offers ContentMaster that provides visual data extraction, mapping and transformation tools. The company also produces solutions, such as business-to-business order transaction processing, patient record consolidation and electronic bill presentment and payment. It serves clients in telecommunications, financial services and health care industries.
	['', 'data transformation', ' ', 'visual data extraction', ' ', 'electronic bill presentment', '']
MySelfHelp
	Provider of online and interactive mental health self-help programs and tools. The company’s programs enable users to manage depression, stress, insomnia, eating disorders, grief, guilt, low self-esteem, compulsive shopping, and hope for HIV. It serves health care companies and individuals.
	['', 'online mental health', ' ', 'interactive mental health', ' ', 'manage disease', '']
MedApps
	Developer of wireless patient monitoring devices. The company offers a range of portable health devices that automatically record a patients monitor readings and wirelessly transmits the data so that it can be monitored and acted upon by health care professionals.
	['', 'monitoring devices', ' ', 'wireless patient monitoring', ' ', 'health devices', '']
SenseCore
	Provider of health-monitoring devices. The company is a provider of wearable, biomedical monitors that measure a variety of physiological functions and can be linked remotely. The devices have applications for athletes as well as healthcare providers.
	['', 'monitoring device', ' ', 'physiological monitoring', ' ', 'remote monitoring', ' ', 'biomedical device', '']
Beansprout Networks
	Provider of an online community for parents, pediatricians and child care professionals. The company provides pediatric professionals and the families in their care with tools, resources and educational programs to enhance patient care and practice efficiency.
	['', 'online community', ' pediatricians ', 'child care professionals', '']
