Above All Software
	Provider of business integration software that allows customers to leverage service-oriented architectures. The company\'s platform includes Above All Studio, an integrated environment for refining services into business services and for assembling new composite applications.
	['', 'service oriented architecture', ' architecture ', 'architecture software', '']
Raccoon
	Operator of an online business-to-business marketplace. The company engages in business-to-business transactions and offers various service including accounts receivable warranties and payment settlements in Asia.
	['B2B ', 'online marketplace', ' ', 'B2B transactions', '']
OnTrade Networks
	Provider of a business-to-business lead and deal-generation platform for the travel industry. The company operates as an online marketplace, matching buyer deal requests with its database of hospitality-industry suppliers. The company\'s function is to streamline hotel relationships with buyers.
	['', 'hotel booking', ' ', 'travel booking', ' ', 'leisure online', '']
Andrews Consulting Practice
	Provider of business software advice and assistance software. The company works closely with Business Objects, Oracle, Microstrategy, Microsoft and IBM, customizing their products to clients’ needs.
	['', 'business software', ' ', 'assistance software', ' ', 'business advice software', '']
Viacore
	Provider of business process integration services. The company allows customers to use the internet to automate and manage such routine tasks with contractors as planning, forecasting and inventory management.
	['', 'business process integration', ' ', 'task automation', ' ', 'inventory management', '']
Trading Dynamics
	Provider of business-to-business Internet trading applications that enable Internet market makers and corporations deploy and configure a range of dynamically priced markets including auctions, reverse auctions and bid/ask exchanges.
	['', 'bid exchange', ' ', 'ask exchange', ' ', 'internet trading', ' ', 'reverse auction', '']
VendorCity
	Operator of a business-to-business recommendation Website.
	['', 'referral service', ' ', 'business referral', ' ', 'business recommendation', '']
RoweCom
	Provider of business to business services and eCommerce solutions for purchasing and managing the subscriptions of magazines, newspapers, journals and e- journals. The company offers its clients access to the largest catalog of such knowledge resources on the internet.
	['eCommerce ', 'publishing services', '']
FasTurn
	Provider of business-to-business apparel marketplace. The company delivers technology solution for the apparel industry, providing an electronic marketplace for buyers and sellers to conduct business securely.
	['', 'technology solution', ' ', 'apparel industry', ' ', 'business-to-business', ' ', 'electronic marketplace', '']
Buildnet
	Producer of management and productivity-based software for home builders. The company provides business-to-business e-commerce services to the residential construction industry.
	['', 'construction industry', ' ', 'home builder software', ' ', 'productivity based software', '']
Hashable
	Provider of information about companies, industries, and business people over the Internet to general business users. The company subsequently pivoted to create Hashable, a mobile introductions check-in service. Tracked.com has been kept live as of June 1, 2011 however ongoing development has been put on hold to further pursue Hashable.
	['', 'company information', ' ', 'industry information', ' ', 'business information', ' ', 'online infomation', ' ', 'check-in', ' ', 'social networking', '']
This Technology
	Developer of software for video advertising insertion. The company helps MVPDs and programmers navigate changing business and technical landscapes with technology that ensure the right content gets to the right people on the right devices.
	['', 'video advertising', ' ', 'digital content', ' ', 'advertising inventory management', '']
Manufacturer\'s Resource Network
	Provider of online selling services for manufacturers. The company is a network of business-to-business Internet retail sites and forms sales strategy for each site according to the specialty market of its products.
	['', 'online selling', ' e-commerce']
Knowmadic
	Provider of enterprise and business-to-business integration software. The company\'s product line includes Knowmadic Integration Suite, Knowmadic WebActivity (TM) software and data integration software.
	['', 'business integration software', ' ', 'data integration software', ' ', 'data aggregation', '']
Canopy
	Provider of business-to-business integration services. The company helps its clients in maximizing their investments in e-business technology.
	['', 'integration services', ' ', 'e-business technology', ' ', 'investment maximization', '']
Vringo (Mobile Technology Business)
	The unit is engaged application business.
	['intellectual property ', 'application business', '']
