Efficient Market Services
	Provider of store-specific information services to supermarket retailers, consumer packaged goods manufacturers, distributors and brokers. The company\'s software-based services transform basic product movement data into demand data with the integration of store-level consumer activity.
	['', 'store-specific solutions', ' ', 'software-based solutions', ' ', 'demand data', ' ', 'integration of store-level consumer activity', ' supermarket']
RuleStream
	Provider of standards based engineering solutions that help manufacturers to capture, manage and reuse product knowledge. The company provides software for automating the build-to-order process across engineering, manufacturing and sales.
	['', 'software solutions', ' ', 'software engineering', ' ', 'Standards Based Engineering', ' ', 'Product Lifecycle Management', ' ', 'Engineering Resource Planning', ' ', 'knowledge software', '']
Anchovi Labs
	Developer of software to help people organize, browse and share their personal photo collection. The company provides software for automatically tagging and organizing images and video based on visual content.
	['', 'online photo collection', ' ', 'online video content', ' ', 'visual content', '']
Atosho
	Provider of e-commerce software and services. The company offers a marketplace infrastructure allowing retailers to offer their products via a range of channel partner websites.
	['', 'ecommerce solution', ' ', 'B2C Service', '']
Trigo Technologies
	Developer of product information management for global manufacturers, distributors and retailers. The company offers supplier-focused software platforms that automate and integrate supplier business processes to enable manufacturers and distributors manage multiple online sales channels.
	['', 'business process', ' ', 'product information management', ' ', 'global distributor', ' ', 'global manufacturer', '']
Requisite Technology
	Provider of software for data, e-commerce and channel management. The company provides a platform designed to enable companies to manage information about any type of item, including finished goods for resale, direct materials used in manufacturing, and indirect materials used in maintenance, repair & overhaul (MRO) operations. The software also enables companies to create, collect, align, and enhance data to provide one uniform version of information, regardless of their catalog needs. The platform\'s  patented search capabilities allow users to search aggregated information to find relevant results and have access to item details and images.
	['', 'channel management', ' ', 'unusable data', ' ', 'integrated business', '']
Kigo
	Provider of an online vacation rental software. The company provides a free booking system and websites for vacation rental agencies and property owners. The company\'s services include scheduling, reservations, accounting, channel management and website management of vacation booking agencies.
	['', 'rental software', ' booking ', 'property owner', ' ', 'vacation booking service', '']
CommerceInterface
	Provider of e-commerce channel management software. The company provides software to help manufacturers, distributors and retailers to manage their businesses and selling online.
	['', 'channel management', ' ', 'e-commerce', ' ', 'channel management technology', ' ', 'online business management', '']
