Zattikka
	Developer of online and mobile social network games and mobile applications. The company develops and operates internet games development and mobile publishing business.
	['', 'social network game', ' ', 'direct consumer website', ' ', 'browser based game', ' ', 'gaming application', '']
Selatra
	Selatra is a Mobile Game Service Provider. The company delivers a Business-to-Business service that includes: games, applications, storefronts and platforms. Selatra provides a range of mobile games related services ranging from consulting, game distribution, game hosting and a fully managed games service for Mobile Network Operators. Today with distribution in over 55 countries and with several awards under its belt, Selatra enjoys partnership with all the major game publishers, Network Operators and Mobile Media companies.
	['Mobile Service, Mobile Games, Game Applications, Mobile Service Provider, game consulting']
3GUU Mobile Entertainment Industrial Co.
	Developer of games for mobile phones. The company develops mobile game platform that allows users to download games on mobile.
	['', 'Game in 2009', ' ', 'mobile phones', ' ', 'Devil is Coming', '']
Apps & Zerts
	Developer and provider of applications for mobile phones. The company develops applications that enables users to customize their home and lock screen.
	['', 'homescreen launcher', ' ', 'productivity application', ' ', 'open operating system', ' lockscreen']
Reaxion
	Publisher and developer of mobile communication and entertainment solutions. The company also develops community platform tools and multiplayer mobile games.
	['', 'communication solutions', ' ', 'entertainment solutions', ' ', 'mobile operators', ' ', 'gaming software', '']
Kiwi
	Developer of Android mobile games. The company develops mobile games with a focus on character-driven storylines. The company\'s games include "Hidden Object: Mystery Estate," "Brightwood Adventures" and "Monsterama Park."
	['', 'mobile game', ' ', 'gaming software', '  ', 'Android game', ' ', 'mobile game', '']
Tello
	Developer of SaaS and mobile application for customer feedback. The company provides web and mobile service that aggregates ratings for businesses from across the web and allows users to post comments about their experience at a business.
	['', 'social application', ' ', 'customer outreach', ' ', 'employee rating', ' ', 'customer feedback application', '']
Pocket Change
	Developer of game application for mobile phones. The company also develops virtual currency focused on Android games.
	['', 'mobile application software', ' ', 'android games', '']
Mobile Digital Media
	Provider of consumer software for mobile phones and personal digital assistants. The company offers products that provides speaking language translator, games and lifestyle applications.
	['', 'application software', ' ', 'personal digital assistants', ' ', 'mobile entertainment', '']
WW FQ
	Developer of digitized animated characters for social networking. The company offers a collection of visually distinctive online social games and mobile applications that help users and mainstream audiences to find their voice.
	['avatar ', 'virtual goods', ' ', 'social game', '']
DeviceFidelity
	Developer of plug-and-play technologies that helps institutions to deploy their services and applications on mobile phones. The company offers In2Pay microSD that transforms mobile phones into interactive contact less transaction devices and In2Pay Case for iPhone, a protective case with a removable In2Pay microSD.
	['', 'contactless transaction', ' ', 'secure transaction', ' ', 'payment service', ' ', 'mobile application', ' ', 'microSD technology', '']
Blaze
	Publisher of mobile games based on branded media properties. The company serves movie goers and mobile phone owners. It develops puzzle type game plays, shooter games, and fast-paced driving games.
	['', 'mobile game', ' ', 'media property', ' ', 'puzzle game', ' ', 'shooter game', ' ', 'driving game', '']
