Carefx
	Provider of information technology solutions to the healthcare organizations in North America and Europe. The company offers Fusionfx suite of interoperable workflow and analytics solutions that streamlines clinical and business workflow, as well as connects care providers to the information they need; and business intelligence dashboards to support accountability and transparency of operations.
	['', 'information technology', ' fxCollaboration']
Chip Xonio Online
	Provider information technology services. The company specializes in consumer technologies and also operates computer portal Chip Online.
	['', 'information technology', ' ', 'computer portal', '  ', 'Chip Online', ' telecommunications']
Proservia
	Provider of information technology services. The company offers operational maintenance services, architecture and integration services, information system governance services and training services.
	['', 'operational maintenance', ' architecture prototyping']
Digia
	Provider of information and communication technology services. The company is specializing in integrated information and communications technology services, smartphone and mobile research and development and telecom products.
	['', 'communication technology service', ' ', 'integrated information', ' ', 'mobile research and development', '']
Active Reasoning
	Provider of information technology controls automation software for information technology policy enforcement. The company’s solution collects data from the information technology infrastructure and change management system for validation, as well as detects and reconciles authorized changes, and uncovers the unauthorized changes and out-of-compliance activities that put the infrastructure at risk.
	['', 'automation software', ' ', 'policy enforcement', ' ', 'change management', ' ', 'compliance activity', '']
NOCpulse
	Designer of internet infrastruture to provide networking services and technology management solutions to online businesses. The company is building the Internet Operational Support Service, that allows customers to gain control over their Internet infrastructure while retaining the strategic knowledge needed to grow.
	['', 'internet infrastructure', ' ', 'networking service', ' ', 'technology management', '']
ScriptLogic
	Provider of network administration software for Microsoft Windows-based networks. The company offers active directory, application, desktop, incident, server, SQL server, and vulnerability management solutions. It also provides Patch Authority Ultimate, an enterprise-class patch management solution; and Desktop Authority, a desktop lifecycle management solution. In addition, the company offers Security Explorer, a graphical solution for real-time management of access controls and security on workstations across the enterprise.
	['', 'network administration software', ' ', 'patch management solution', ' ', 'desktop lifecycle management', '']
SevenSpace
	Provider of outsourced information technology management services.
	['', 'technology management service', ' ', 'software tool', ' ', 'infrastructure management', '']
ePIT
	Provider of technology for regulated, unregulated and B2B exchanges. The company developed an internet exchange infrastructure for equities, futures, options and cash commodities.
	['', 'next generation', ' ', 'internet market', ' ', 'information technology', '']
CenterBeam
	Provider of information technology services. The company offers mid sized businesses with enterprise class  information technology management, services and support.
	['', 'infrastructure management', ' ', 'patch management', ' ', 'software distribution', ' ', 'server management', '']
Network Solutions (Bangalore)
	Provider of information technology (IT) infrastructure solutions, software and services for enterprise customers. The company offers NOC Inside, an IT Infrastructure management service for managing end to end IT infrastructure and Desktop Manager, a web based application that allows system administrators to auto discover, monitor and report software and hardware inventory.
	['', 'information technology', ' ', 'infrastructure solution', ' ', 'web based application', '']
SoHaTec
	Provider of information technology services to local government entities. The company\'s software platform is tailored to country-specific requirements for its clients, which include Germany and Ukraine.
	['', 'government information technology', ' ', 'local government', ' ', 'software platform', '']
