Winbox Technologies
	Provider of connected TV technology for original equipment manufacturers (OEs) and service providers. The company\'s hardware and software products are designed to speed the process of developing IPTV receivers, video-on-demand systems (VOD), hard disk video recorders (PVR / DVR), connected TVs and set-top boxes. The company also works to connect OEMs with Asian manufacturers.
	['', 'television service', ' ', 'internet protocol television', ' ', 'video on demand', ' ', 'Entertainment Software', '']
Syphan Technologies
	Developer of network security software and technology. The company provides a security platform and equipment for enterprises, original equipment manufacturers and service providers. It also manufacture products that protect multi-staged attacks as well as protect servers against network attack.
	['broadband ', 'security appliance', ' ', 'network attack', '']
ProVision Communications
	Provider of digital wireless technology. The company designs, develops and licenses wireless, multi-room technologies for high definition TV. It serves consumer electronics manufacturers and multinational OEMs (original equipment manufacturers).
	['', 'high definition television', ' ', 'consumer electronic', ' ', 'wireless networking', '']
Energetic Solutions
	Developer of electromagnetic pest repellants. The company\'s products, shoo!TAG and shoo!BUG, are designed to protect people, dogs, cats, cows and horses against insect pests. Its technology emits electromagnetic frequencies to keep targeted insects away and is an alternative to chemical repellants.
	['', 'pest repellant', ' ', 'animal care', ' ', 'pest control', ' ', 'dog care', ' ', 'electromagnetic porduct', ' ', 'animal health', ' ', 'pet care', '']
Camelot Information Technologies
	Operator of a network intelligence technology company. The company\'s technology utilizes discovery algorithms to analyze network events.
	['', 'network monitoring', ' ', 'network resources', ' ', 'security services', '']
Smarterphone
	Provider of an operating system for mobile phones. The company provides software to enable original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to bring new devices to market. The company\'s product includes an application suite connecting top-layer applications with the underlying platform, targeting major carrier requirements. The company also can customize the software on client request.
	['', 'mobile handset', ' ', 'end user application', ' ', 'multimedia tool', '']
Threshold Networks
	Provider of internet-enabled applications to enterprises and service providers. The company\'s products provide enterprises with enhanced network and application performance and improve bandwidth efficiencies by associating acceleration and security policies between the network and the applications.
	['', 'internet enabled application', ' ', 'network applications', ' ', 'internet based applications', ' ', 'network management service', ' ', 'network management', '']
Cobion
	Developer of content security solutions and anti-spam technology. The company provides software solutions to protect organizations from unwanted internet content and also protect private computers from dangerous content.
	['anti-spam database ', 'content security', '']
Ubiq
	Operator of a marketing and sales organization. The company is specialized in software development, licensing and distribution for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), large accounts and retail markets.
	['', 'original equipment manufacturer', ' OEM ', 'electronic software distribution', ' CRM']
Mapletree Networks
	Manufacturer of circuit and packet-based voice, data, and fax network access and core network infrastructure. The company offers embedded software and hardware solutions that allow original equipment manufacturers to integrate the universal port technology.
	['', 'packet-based voice', ' ', 'equipment manufacturers', ' ', 'software solutions', ' ', 'hardware solutions', '']
VT Silicon
	Manufacturer of multi-band radio frequency integrated circuit solutions for the mobile wireless broadband market. The company’s linearization technologies enable original equipment manufacturers, original design manufacturers, and reference design houses to manufacture broadband modules and transceivers.
	['', 'integrated circuit solution', ' ', 'broadband module', ' ', 'wireless broadband', ' ', 'linearization technology', '']
Inviragen
	Developer of vaccines to protect against various infectious diseases. The company offers its products to protect against dengue viruses, as well as West Nile, swine-origin, plague, smallpox and various other diseases.
	['', 'dengue virus', ' ', 'infectious diseases', ' ', 'avian influenza diseases', ' ', 'viral vaccine', ' ', 'mouth disease', '']
Envara
	Developer of networking chipsets technologies. The company offers chipsets that provide security support and are used for network interface cards and access points. It serves wireless access providers and ODM\'s, personal computer manufacturers, appliances manufacturers, consumer electronics manufacturers, and ODM/OEM providers.
	['chipsets ', 'network interface card', ' ', 'broadband wireless communication', '']
Novafora
	Developer of digital-processing technology. The company creates video processors for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of digital devices.
	['', 'video processing', '']
Celetronix India
	Provider of Electronic Manufacturing Services to computing, telecommunications, and medical Original Equipment Manufacturers. The company offers precision electro-mechanical assembly; AC/DC and DC/DC power supplies and RFID products; PCB and memory module test and assembly; box-build and systems integration; and supply of design, engineering, and other prototyping services.
	['EMS ', 'electro mechanical assembly', ' ', 'memory Module test', ' ', 'electro-mechnical assembly', ' ', 'printed circuit board', ' PCB']
Ikanos Communications
	Provider of semiconductors and software for interactive broadband. The company develops high performance semiconductor and software products that enable network equipment manufacturers and service providers to deliver broadband to the digital home.
	['', 'semiconductor manufacturing', ' ', 'interactive broadband', ' ', 'broadband software', ' ', 'fabless semiconductor', ' ', 'digital subscriber line', '']
Imsense
	Developer of various methods for automated enhancement of images. The company develops and licenses algorithms to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and independent software vendors (ISVs) to improve and complement their own software products. It developed several digital image enhancement services, including a compression technology, that improve the quality of all digital images (including videos) to make them look real, and as actually remembered.
	['', 'digital image enhancement', ' ', 'automated enhancement', ' ', 'licenses algorithms', ' ', 'video editing', '']
