Nisamest
	Developer and provider of an enterprise resource planning software. The company offers product for financial management, material management, production control and project management.
	['', 'ERP software', ' ', 'enterprise resource planning', ' ', 'financial management', ' ', 'project management', '']
Sage Group
	Provider of accounting and business management software. The company provides accounting, enterprise resource planning, human resource, payroll, asset management, and payment solutions for businesses.
	['', 'supplier management', ' ', 'inventory management', ' ', 'client management', '']
Diktamen
	Developer of workflow management and resource planning software. The company offers all-in-one dictation and transcription enterprise resource planning system with workflow management and resource planning features for transcription companies and authors.
	['', 'workflow management', ' ', 'resource planning', ' transcription']
Activplant
	Provider of performance management application software services. The company provides software tools, analytics and reports to manufacturers, as well as integrates data with existing business systems and applications, such as statistical process control, quality measurement, enterprise resource planning, reporting packages, Web browsers and wireless pagers.
	['', 'management application', ' ', 'software tool', ' ', 'statistical process control', ' ', 'quality measurement', ' ', 'wireless pager', '']
Enterproid
	Provider of an application enabling smartphone users to switch between work and personal use on their devices. The company offers Divide, a BYOD application  enabling users to transform their smartphones into enterprise-ready mobile devices. The platform offers multiple profile support, productivity applications and personal and IT cloud management.
	['', 'cloud management', ' ', 'enterprise security', ' ', 'secure mobile platform', ' ', 'enterprise mobility', '']
Ontrack Systems
	Provider of an information technology services. The company provides information technology enable services like Net Asset Value(NAV) and Enterprise resource planning(ERP) platform, enterprise business platform, information technology infrastructure management platform and consultancy services.
	['', 'enterprise resource planning', ' ', 'database software', ' ', 'technology enable service', '']
Ideaca Knowledge Services
	Provider of management consulting, advisory, implementation and support services. The company offers enterprise resource planning (ERP) solutions implementation, business intelligence, portals and collaboration, cloud computing, custom development and integration, customer relationship management (CRM) solutions implementation, application infrastructure and support services.
	['', 'enterprise resource planning', ' ', 'portals and collaboration', ' ', 'customer relationship management', ' ', 'application infrastructure', '']
Sapias
	Provider of web based intelligent resource management solutions for large enterprise customers. The company uses advanced wireless, GPS, Internet, telephony and database technologies to deliver much needed visibility to fleet managers - resulting in reduced operating costs, increased security, productivity and customer satisfaction. Sapias delivers intelligent, event-driven supply chain execution. Its patented technologies transform real-time, location-based data into customized business intelligence that can be easily integrated into existing mission-critical back-end systems.
	['', 'web based services', ' ', 'communication technology', '']
Vitalz
	Provider of web-native patient encounter management services and resource planning solutions for healthcare organizations. The company\'s solutions are customizable, easily integrated, and rapidly deployed, without the need for expensive, labor-intensive technology investments.
	['scheduling web-native healthcare']
Agilera
	Provider of application management and technology services to businesses in the United States. The company provides enterprise platform that provides access to enterprise applications, including enterprise resource planning, supply chain, e-commerce, enterprise resource management, productivity, financials, and human resource.
	['', 'enterprise resource management', ' ', 'supply chain', ' ', 'enterprise resource planning', '']
Zik Energy Points
	Provider of analysis services for the supply chain. The company provides analysis of energy and resource use in the supply chain, including assessment of consumed  energy, water, fuels and materials. The company provides its services to enterprises seeking to understand their resource efficiency and operational resilience.
	['', 'b2b services', ' ', 'commercial services', '']
Eplication
	Manufacturer of content acceleration appliances for network infrastructure applications. The company provides provide instant access to business critical applications, including enterprise wide customer relationship management and enterprise resource planning hosted on local and wide area networks.
	['', 'network infrastructure', ' ', 'business software', ' ', 'content acceleration', '']
