Silicon Biosystems
	Provider of technology to study single cells for culture or molecular analysis. The company is the developer of DEPArray technology, enabling researchers to study rare cells and to determine the biological significance of subpopulations of cells within a sample. It also focuses on facilitating advances in personalized medicine by enabling the isolation, recovery and analysis of individual, viable rare cells.
	['heterogeneity ', 'cell-biology', ' ', 'rare cell', ' ', 'biological significance', ' ', 'single cell', ' ', 'molecular analysis', '']
Accelerator Sciences
	Provider of a search platform for entire suite of science resources. The company offers a search gateway which includes research & development results, project descriptions and accomplishments.
	['', 'search platform', ' ', 'search gateway', ' ', 'science information', '']
Intermed Discovery
	Developer of natural products for the life science industry.  The company generates proprietary product pipelines of early stage pharmaceuticals and functional ingredients for the life science, animal health, agrochemical, food and cosmetic industries.
	['', 'animal health', ' ', 'agrochemical', ' ', 'chemical research', '']
alma bioinformatics
	Developer of software for information retrieval and analysis of text biomedical data. The company specializes in the research and development of biomedical software. It\'s mission is to provide the life science community with innovative information technologies that enable the search, management and relation of the knowledge available in different sources, facilitating its analysis and comprehension.
	['', 'information retrieval', ' ', 'biomedical data', ' ', 'text mining', '']
BioMicro Systems
	Developer of biological research products for the life sciences community. The company’s products include microarray hybridization instruments that automate the fluid processing of concentrated microarray samples; mixer hybridization chambers for processing multiple microarray samples on a single slide; and wash systems to automate post-hybridization protocols. It also offers labeling-based applications and kits for FISH, arrayCGH, microRNA microarrays, gene expression microarrays, and protein arrays.
	['', 'biological research product', ' ', 'microarray hybridization instrument', ' ', 'microarray sample', ' ', 'protein array', '']
Millipore
	Provider of life science products and services. The company provides innovative products and services that help academic, biotechnology and pharmaceutical customers advance their research, development and production.
	['', 'life science tool', ' ', 'pharmaceutical customer', ' ', 'life science products', ' ', 'healthcare device', '']
Breonics
	Operator of a biomedical research and development company. The company develops medical products for the clinical organ transplant and tissue replacement markets.
	['biomedical ', 'clinical organ', ' tissue']
Cellular Research
	Operator of a biotechnology research and development company. The company focuses on life science research by enabling investigation of single cells and limited samples.
	['', 'molecular indexing', ' ', 'single cell', ' ', 'biotechnology research', '']
Marical
	Provider of aquatic life science biotechnology. The company develops techniques to improve the growth and development of farm animals and fish.
	['', 'aquatic life science biotechnology', ' aquaculture ', 'farm animal development', '']
Algieplus
	Operator of a research and development company. The company\'s product, Algieplus, promotes active molecules from sustainable marine resources and adds value to seaweed deposits, harvested in a way which is adapted to recycling thereby aiding in managing waste from seaweed deposits.
	['', 'research company', ' ', 'active molecules', ' ', 'sustainable marine resources', ' ', 'waste treatment', '']
Halo Genomics
	Provider of equipment and supplies to the life science and chemical analysis markets. The company provides instrumentation, consumables, software and services to an array of industries, including pharmaceutical, research, forensics, food safety, petrochemical processing, environmental and manufacturing.
	['', 'DNA sequencing', ' ', 'sample preparation', ' resequencing']
Granular (Soil Science Business)
	Provider of Soil Science research. The company is the Soil Science Business unit of Granular.
	['', 'soil', ' ', 'agriculture research', ' ', 'farmer', ' ', 'farming', ' ', 'farm', '']
