Smart Button Associates
	Provider of a web-based marketing platform. The company engages in rewarding and retaining their customers and patrons as well as manages successful loyalty or rewards programs.
	['', 'marketing platform', ' ', 'reward programs', ' loyalty']
Regiohelden
	Provider of online marketing services. The company helps local advertisers with search engine marketing software to reach their online audience, convert prospects to actual clients and measure the results of campaigns.
	['', 'local online advertising', ' ', 'marketing and advertising', ' ', 'local advertising', '']
Encounter Development Technologies
	Provider of end-to-end technology and online marketing services, including design, build, hosting and online marketing support. The company utilizes their pre-built applications to provide the platforms in which to base solutions for businesses looking to utilize video technology to increase online collaboration and interaction.
	['', 'online marketing', ' collaboration ', 'video technology', '']
SmartReceipt
	Provider of personalized nutrition and marketing messages that enable consumers to make better food decisions. The company provides innovative marketing services that enable retailers to generate incremental revenue and influence consumer purchasing decisions.
	['', 'personalized nutrition', ' ', 'nutrition information', ' ', 'consumer purchasing decision', ' ', 'marketing management software', '']
Mixicom
	Operator of a YouTube multi-channel network. The company operates a YouTube channel network in which it gathers famous YouTubeurs for online marketing and advertising.
	['', 'marketing and advertising', ' ', 'channel network', ' ', 'online media marketing', '']
Furndex
	Provider of ancillary services. The company provides services to members including credit and payment information, logistic services such as shipping and warehousing. The company also provides an e-commerce model in the steel, plastics and chemical industries.
	['', 'B2B services', ' ', 'software services', '']
Adenyo
	Provider of an online and mobile marketing and advertising solution. The company operates as a mobile virtual network operator, which offers branded cell phone services, and SMS direct marketing services to organizations selling to retail clients.
	['', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'virtual network', ' ', 'online network', '']
RentMineOnline
	Provider of social network marketing services for the multifamily rental housing industry. The company acts as a referral management tool for the multi-billion dollar apartment rental market. It enables residents to get paid for marketing their properties to friends.
	['', 'rental housing society', ' ', 'referral management program', ' ', 'apartment rental', '']
Digital Railroad
	Provider of online photo archiving and marketing services. It offers photographers and agencies to manage, market, and sell their images.
	['', 'online photo archiving', ' ', 'photo marketing', ' ', 'sell image', '']
Online Marketing Group
	Operator of an online directory network. The company offers marketing services to businesses operating in Australia, by linking them to potential customers through their online directories. It allows businesses to create mini-websites and upload their logo, photos or video, promote special offers and share customer testimonials.
	['', 'online directory', ' ', 'customer acquisition', ' ', 'website development', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
Cove Financial Group
	Provider of a mortgage-alternative program for residential consumers. The company offers a program for would-be home buyers who have money for a down payment, but do not qualify for a mortgage. The company also provides a digital-marketing platform designed to assess what financial products are needed by would-be home buyers, and utilizes multi-channel advertising delivery with audience analysis to develop a network of partners with services focused on this financial demographic.
	['', 'mortgage finance', ' homebuyer ', 'mortgage service', ' ', 'digital marketing platform', ' ', 'multi-channel advertising', '']
IPLSHOP
	Provider of a marketing platform. The company provides a network platform of waxing professionals and consultants in Brazil.
	['', 'waxing consultant', ' ', 'network platform', ' ', 'health and wellness', '']
ECAL
	Provider of online calender marketing platform. The company provides an online calendar marketing platform. It offers web-base time and event management platform.
	['', 'online marketing', ' ', 'calender marketing platform', ' ', 'web base time management platform', '']
OnDialog
	Provider of tools to marketers to maximize acquisition of leads, conversion or prospects and retain customers using on-demand landing pages, micro sites and personalized URLs. The company\'s customers include online marketing affiliates, direct marketing agencies, and sports and entertainment marketing agencies.
	['', 'personalized URLs', ' ', 'on-demand landing pages', ' ', 'Search Engine Marketing', '']
NetFlip
	Provider of a pay-for-performance online marketing network. The company provides cash to customers for signing up for deals like credit cards, CD and book clubs, free web services and  cheap long distance travel.
	['', 'internet shop', ' ecommerce ', 'online shop', ' ', 'online deal', '']
freeXmedia
	Provider of an online digital marketing platform. The company provides digital marketing services to the automotive, digital entertainment, sport, active living, free-net and social media industry.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'marketing domain', ' ', 'market topography', '']
Pulpo Media
	Provider of technology enabled marketing services. The company works with leading online advertisers to help them dynamically localize and tailor their offerings for their diverse target markets.
	['', 'marketing service', ' ', 'online advertisement', ' ', 'diverse market', '']
24h00
	Provider of an online retail marketing platform. The company provides branded marketing services to retail clients through its e-commerce website, which provides a changing topography of consumer discounts.
	['', 'online retail', ' ', 'discounted rates', ' ', 'shopping online', ' ', 'branded products', '']
XLMedia
	Provider of digital publishing and marketing services. provides marketing services to online gambling operators and develops proprietary tools and methodologies to drive high value users.
	['', 'digital publishing', ' ', 'marketing services', ' ', 'proprietary tools', '']
ZipDial Mobile Solutions
	Provider of mobile marketing services. The company provides consumer intelligence platform that drives services such as couponing, friend referrals, on-pack activations.
	['', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'consumer intelligence platform', '']
Deal United
	Provider of online marketing network. The company provides rewards programs, such as Pay by Shopping, an online payment method that allows end customers to pay for their desired digital and virtual product by purchasing a coupon or product at one of its shopping partners.
	['', 'online networking', ' ', 'reward programs', ' ', 'pay by shopping', '']
e2e (ecommerce)
	Provider of e-commerce platform. The company provides e-commerce service for logistics, marketing and technology.
	['', 'electronic commerce', ' ', 'online shopping', ' plataforma']
Consorte Marketing
	Operator of a digital marketing company. The company provides brand advertising and direct marketing services online. In addition, it offers SALSA, a product that integrates brand advertising and direct marketing.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'brand advertising', ' ', 'direct marketing', ' ', 'online advertising', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
Envoii
	Provider of online marketing services. The company develops a distributed software platform that allows businesses to leverage their current infrastructure while making transition to the next generation internet.
	['', 'e commerce', ' ', 'online marketing', ' ', 'online shopping', ' ', 'web services', '']
Magnet Communications
	Provider of online banking for visionary financial institutions. The company provides retail and commercial Internet banking, electronic bill payment and presentment, e-commerce portal technology, wireless channel delivery, advanced targeted marketing, website development and maintenance, as well as online and call center lending services.
	['', 'online banking', ' e-commerce ', 'call center', ' ', 'virtual banking software products', '']
Groupon Japan
	Provider of daily deal coupons. The company provides website design and internet marketing services and also offers discounts to the online communities from the local businesses.
	['', 'daily deals', ' ', 'discount coupon', ' ', 'on-line coupon distribution', '']
Gydget
	Provider of a social marketing platform. The company helps music groups, teams, non-profits and other organizations reach their audiences.
	['', 'social marketing', ' ', 'online advertising', ' ', 'marketing widget', '']
Kefta
	Developer and provider of marketing automation software. The company provides a service and technology platform, campaign management tools, marketing expertise, integration and training to enable its clients to plan, create, deploy and track unique revenue-focused marketing programs.
	['', 'marketing software', ' ', 'technology platform', ' ', 'campaign management tools', '']
LSF Network
	Provider of online performance marketing and advertising services. The company offers strategic planning services, including information capture, research media, competitive analysis, segmentation strategy, ROI calculations, and reach and frequency measuring; and creative services for banners, landing pages, email, community Websites, node pages, interactive videos, online promotions, viral marketing, and promotion capture forms.
	['', 'online performance marketing', ' ', 'strategic planning', ' ', 'segmentation strategy', ' ', 'IT services', '']
HammerKit
	Operator of a cloud technology company. The company offers an online toolset to allow creation and deployment of web applications that cater to business, marketing and communications needs. It focuses on the PR and marketing industry.
	['', 'cloud technology', ' ', 'PR industry', ' ', 'Cloud Software', ' ', 'digital production', ' ', 'web designing', '']
Resolution
	Provider of e-commerce solutions that offers services like marketing, e-commerce management, logistics and fulfillment, product development and "on demand" manufacturing. The company initially began as a media manufacturing and distribution company. The company offers services that enable clients to enhance their revenues with minimal investments and expertise.
	['', 'e-commerce solution', ' ', 'product development', '']
FastBooking
	Provider of online booking and electronic marketing services for the hospitality industry. The company designs and develops hotel websites, online marketing programs, Internet-enabled direct hotel website bookings, online marketing for hotel websites, consumer portals and integration with third-party consumer booking websites.
	['', 'electronic marketing', ' ', 'internet ticket booking', ' ', 'website development service', ' ', 'marketing program', '']
El Dorado Marketing Group
	Provider of marketing services. The company focuses on reaching the Hispanic-American community with direct-to-consumer messaging services.
	['', 'messaging services', ' ', 'American community', ' ', 'consumer marketing', '']
TellApart
	Developer of online marketing applications for ecommerce retailers. The company uses personalized retargeting technology to create banner advertisements and offers a platform that helps users to collect and organize cloud based customer data.
	['', 'display advertising', ' ', 'personalized banner', ' ', 'banner advertisement', '']
Peer Squared
	Operator of an online marketing and rewards platform. The company uses a combination of game-play mechanics, proprietary technology and incentives to harness the power of word-of-mouth marketing on the social web.
	['', 'proprietary technology', ' ', 'rewards platform', '']
Elogia Media
	Provider of an online marketing platform. The company provides e-commerce marketing services.
	['', 'online marketing platform', ' ', 'e-commerce services', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
Bizo
	Provider of online business to business (B2B) marketing services. The company\'s platform provides data management and targeting capabilities to reach audiences anywhere they travel online and engage those that come to their websites, landing pages and social channels.
	['', 'advertising network', ' ', 'bizographic targeting', ' ', 'business traffic measurement', ' ', 'business registration', '']
LOCKON
	Provider of a marketing automation platform. The company engages in planning, development and sales of software for e-commerce and online advertisement.
	['']
Aeronamic
	Provider of products and services to the aerospace industry. The company offers airflow valves, air turbine starters, centrifugal load compressors, cooling turbines and re-circulation fans among other products. It also offers maintenance, repair and overhaul services.
	['', 'aircraft components', ' ', 'aerospace industry', ' ', 'airflow valves', ' ', 'air turbine starters', '']
