Actions Semiconductor
	A fabless semiconductor company which designs, develops and markets integrated platform solutions, including SoCs, firmware, software development tools and reference designs, for manufacturers of portable media players.
	['']
Pixer Technology
	Designer and supplier of semiconductor capital equipment to integrated circuit manufacturers and mask makers. The company develops integrated systems based on its innovative optical laser technologies. It also develops technological products for the discovery and correction of defects in semiconductor production and improve quality control.
	['', 'optical laser', ' pixel laser IC']
RF Magic
	Operator of a fabless semiconductor company. The company is a developer of broadband radio frequency systems-on-a-chip. The company applies RF integrated circuit (IC) design, broadband RF systems, and digital communications systems expertise to the development of a diversified portfolio of patented RFIC technologies.
	['', 'radio frequency', ' ', 'broadband radio', ' RFIC ', 'system on a chip', '']
EqcoLogic
	Owner and operator of a fabless semiconductor company. The company designs and develops equalizer and coaxial transceiver products and technologies.
	['', 'Transceiver circuit', ' ', 'coaxial transceiver product', ' cable']
Allegro Manufacturing
	Provider of a semiconductor front-end equipment foundry. The company provides outsourcing and manufacturing services to semiconductor equipment makers world-wide.
	['', 'manufacturing solution', ' ', 'equipment manufacturers', ' ', 'semiconductor equipment', '']
Gradient Design Automation (Electrothermal Analysis Technology)
	Developer of a electrothermal analysis software. The company offers an technology which allows designers to identify and correct thermal problems during integrated circuit development.
	['', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'thermal problems', ' electrothermal']
BeSang
	Provider of semiconductor. The company provides fabless semiconductor focusing on developing proprietary 3D integrated circuit technology.
	['', 'semiconductor', ' ', 'fabless semiconductor', '']
Stream Processors
	Operator of fabless semiconductor company. The company develops stream processing architecture that help industrial companies accelerate time to market for their products, while reducing system development costs.
	['', 'stream processing architecture', ' ', 'cost reduction', ' ', 'fabless semiconductor', ' industry']
Synchronicity
	Developer of software to improve the integrated circuit design process. The company provides services for semiconductor, embedded software and system developers on design management and collaboration solutions for managing and distributing very large-scale electronic designs across multiple sites.
	['', 'circuit design', ' ', 'design management', ' ', 'collaboration solutions', ' ', 'electronic designs', ' semiconductor ', 'system developers', ' ', 'embedded software', '']
Semiconductor Manufacturing International
	Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp was established as an exempt company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on April 3, 2000. The Company, together with its subsidiaries, is engaged in the computer-aided design, manufacturing, testing, packaging, and trading of integrated circuits and other semiconductor services. The Company operates wafer fabrication facilities in China, including facilities at Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Shenzhen, with an aggregate capacity of up to 247,500 8-inch wafer equivalents per month. It provides integrated circuit (IC) foundry and technology services at 0.35-micron to 28-nanometer. Currently, the Company has 300mm wafer fabrication facility (fab) and a 200mm mega-fab in Shanghai, a 300mm mega-fab and a second majority owned 300mm fab under development for advance nodes in Beijing, a 200mm fab in Tianjin, and a 200mm fab in Shenzhen. It also has customer service and marketing offices in the U.S., Europe, Japan, and Taiwan, and a representative office in Hong Kong. Its fabrication processes uses many raw materials, primarily silicon wafers, chemicals, gases, and various types of precious and other metals. It manufactures silicon wafers based on proprietary designs provided by its customers or third party designers. Its customers include IDMs, fabless semiconductor companies and systems companies. Its competitors are other pure-play foundries such as TSMC, UMC and Global Foundries. The Company is subject to substantial regulation by the Chinese government.
	['', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'wafer fabrication', ' ', 'integrated device', ' fabless']
Staccato Communications
	Provider of ultra-wideband wireless technology for communication applications. The company is a fabless semiconductor company.
	['', 'wireless technology', ' ', 'communication application', ' ', 'Internet protocol connectivity', '']
RocketChips
	Developer of multi-gigabit speed analog and mixed signal integrated circuit technology. The company is involved in the development of high-speed Complementary metal–oxide semiconductor circuit topologies capable of achieving Gallium arsenide performance levels.
	['semiconductor CMOS GaAs multi-gigabit circuit']
Modem Art
	Developer of system-on-a-chip integrated circuit. The company develops integrated circuit for wideband and broadband communications systems focusing on baseband processes for third generation terminals and headsets.
	['', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'Application Specific Semiconductor', ' ', 'broadband communications system', '']
