MMIC Solutions
	Developer of technology for systems operating in the millimeter wave bands (50 GHz to 250 GHz). The company develops, manufactures and supplies products for use in security, detection and high-bandwidth communication equipment. The company\'s products include mechanical interfaces, direct detection receivers and "conncetorized" modules.
	['', 'advanced materials', ' ', 'wave applications', ' down-convertor bandwidth ', 'wave bands', '']
Sinewave Energy Technologies
	Developer of power-modulation systems. The company researches and develops sinewave power-control products based on its patented, ultra-high-speed power-switching technology. The company\'s products include digital sinewave lighting dimmers for high intensity discharge (HID) and fluorescent lighting.
	['', 'light dimmer', ' ', 'power modulation', ' ESD HID ', 'lighting products', '']
Qspeed Semiconductor
	Manufacturer of silicon power semiconductor devices for power supplies, inverters, motor control and other power applications. The company also offers power diodes.
	['', 'silicon power semiconductor', ' ', 'power diodes', ' ', 'motor control', '']
AZZURRO Semiconductors
	Developer of gallium nitride on silicon substrates. The company offers a range of epitaxial wafers, including LED wafers and templates, as well as power semiconductor wafers for LED and power semiconductor applications worldwide.
	['', 'power semiconductor', ' ', 'wafer technology', ' ', 'epitaxial layer', ' ', 'high voltage', '']
Savonia Power
	Operator of power plants for combined heat and electricity production. The company specializes in power generation module for combined heat and power production in power plants. It also provides power plant maintenance and service.
	['', 'power plant', ' ', 'power generation', ' ', 'heat production', ' ', 'power generation module', '']
Epigram
	Provider of advanced technology and products for high-speed residential networking.
	['', 'residential networking', '']
Inverpower Controls
	Manufacturer of power electronics modules and advanced high-speed digital controls. The company manufactures products for use in industrial power supply, power conversion and power quality systems.
	['', 'electronic module', ' power']
Benchmarq
	Provider of power-sensitive and portable electronic systems. The company provides integrated IC and module solutions that address problems in managing battery-operated, low-power, and power-sensitive equipment.
	['ic battery']
MobileWise
	Provider of wire- free electric power technology specially for mobile devices. The company offers Wire-Free Electric Power chipsets to mobile, networking and power accessories OEM and aftermarket manufacturers.
	['', 'electric chipsets', ' ', 'application specific semiconductors', ' ', 'information technology', '']
Apache Design Solutions
	Developer of physical design and verification software solutions for the semiconductor industry. The company provides power sign-off and silicon integrity platform solutions. It\'s products enables designers of semiconductor and fabless companies to detect, fix, and prevent design weaknesses. It\'s solutions include power integrity, low power management, and noise control.
	['', 'semiconductor design', ' ', 'semiconductor verification', ' ', 'verification software', ' ', 'silicon integrity', ' ', 'power management', ' ', 'noise control', ' ', 'power integrity noise control', '']
Agile Systems
	Manufacturer of energy-efficient electronic controls for electric motors. The company designs and develops advanced motion control technology including motor control and power conversion. The company caters to broad range of industries including semiconductor, life science, robotics, automation equipment, automotive, industrial machinery and alternative energy.
	['', 'energy-efficient technology', ' ', 'motion control', ' ', 'power conversion', '']
Nokian Capacitors
	Manufacturer of power system components and capacitors. The company manufactures equipment and systems for reactive power compensation and harmonic filtering.
	['capacitors ', 'system component', ' filtering']
Planet ATE
	Supplier of fabless semiconductor for the manufacturers of automatic test equipment. The company manufactures "System on a Chip" (SoC) integrated circuits that combine all analog functions required to construct digital channel, DUT Power supply, PMU and VI.
	['', 'Digital Channel', ' ', 'DUT Power Supply', ' PMU VI Semiconductor chips']
Photonic Power Systems
	Provider of power over optical fiber. The company provides EMI and RFI immune electrical power to remote locations with no electrical wire. The company’s products include photovoltaic power converters and modules, optically powered data links and high power optical data systems, which are used in  medical, electric power, sensor and wireless markets.
	['', 'optical fiber', ' ', 'photovoltaic power', ' sensor']
Ideal Power
	Developer of power converters. The company develops and manufactures disruptive electronic power converters. It also offers electronic power converters for renewable energy generation, electrical energy efficiency, smart power grids and electric vehicles. The company also provides photovoltaic inverters and battery converters for grid storage and electrified vehicle fast charging infrastructure, such as peak demand reduction in commercial and industrial markets, utility load shifting, buffering EV fast chargers and bi-directional EV DC chargers. In addition, it offers hybrid power conversion systems and power switches.
	['', 'PV Inverters', ' ', 'Battery Converters', ' ', '3-Port Hybrid Converters', ' ', 'Bi-polar', ' inverters']
PulseWave RF
	Provider of semiconductor components for wireless power amplifiers. The company offers Class M Power technology, a digital multi-carrier power amplifier module that simplifies the design for transmitters and provides the scalability required for various power level configurations, including fail-soft operation.
	['', 'semiconductor component', ' ', 'wireless power amplifier', ' ', 'amplifier module', ' ', 'digital multi carrier', '']
LEDON OLED Lighting
	Provider of services for the development of innovative lighting modules. The company develops modules for use in professional applications.
	['', 'lighting module', ' ', 'lighting component', ' ', 'electric utility', '']
Pentadyne Power
	Manufacturer of flywheel clean energy storage systems for energy recycling applications. The company\'s power system engineering features a high-speed composite flywheel, fully-active magnetic bearings and an integrated vacuum system. This combination provides significant advantages including reliability, operating costs and footprint. The Pentadyne flywheel system delivers 120 kW of instant, precise electrical power for up to 20 seconds.
	['', 'storage system', ' ', 'clean energy', ' clean-tech ', 'energy recycling application', '']
Silicon Power
	Provider of semiconductor devices, pulsed-power modules and utility-applicable systems. The company offers semiconductor components, which include rectifier type diodes and thyristorsm, phase control and line commutation devices, pulse power application device and phase modules. It offers its products for use in commercial, industrial, defense and national power applications.
	['', 'semiconductor device', ' ', 'pulsed-power module', ' ', 'utility-applicable system', ' ', 'semiconductor component', ' ', 'line commutation device', '']
Calypto Design Systems
	Provider of power optimization and functional verification software services. The company offers PowerPro CG that reads in an RTL design and evaluates circuit behavior in various clock cycles to identify sequential clock gating enable conditions; PowerPro MG, an automated memory power optimization service that reduces dynamic and leakage memory power; and PowerPro-filer, a Linux utility that calculates clock-gating efficiency, as well as the percentage of registers clock gated in a RTL design block.
	['circuit ', 'functional verification', ' ', 'electronic system', '']
Advanced Power Projects
	Provider of power by focusing on natural gas power generation. The company develops new power plants to reduce power costs for industrial customers, as well as provides technologies to facilitate the economic deployment of wind, solar, and biomass plants.
	['', 'power generation', ' ', 'natural gas', ' ', 'biomass plants', '']
