Kainos Software
	Provider of business software application. The company is involved in the deployment and integration of enterprise content management, electronic document management, workflow and collaborative technologies.
	['', 'enterprise content management', ' ', 'electronic document management', ' ', 'collaborative technology', '']
Clickmarks
	Provider of technology solutions for development of e-business applications and web services. The company provides end-to-end solutions for enterprises and wireless carriers seeking instant aggregation, personalization and mobilization of content, business processes and applications like workflow automation, portal integration, mobilization, and decision support solutions.
	['', 'e-business applications', ' portlets ', 'integration technology', ' ', 'workflow automation', ' ', 'portal integration', ' ', 'web services', '']
THINQ Learning Solutions
	Provider of enterprise wide corporate learning solutions. The company offers enterprise learning management software designed to help companies achieve their business objectives.
	['', 'professional learning services', ' ', 'management systems software', ' ', 'enterprise software', '']
2Catalyze
	Provider of social performance management platform. The company offers personal feedback, decision support, customer engagement, rapid peer reviews, team feedback, quick pulse, integration, consulting, live support, analytics, configuration tools and team activation services. It serves employees, consultants, managers, executives and educators, as well as teams, companies and academic/non-profits.
	['', 'performance management', ' ', 'employee feedback', ' ', 'employee review', ' ', 'employee benchmarking', '']
Relevance Technologies
	Provider of enterprise content management software. The company offers decision support solutions and also provides workers with answers.
	['intelligence decision ', 'information resources', '']
Apsylog
	Provider of IT asset-management software. The company provides a decision-support software platform that manages the IT asset lifecycle, from asset acquisition through asset deployment and tracking, to retirement.
	['', 'asset management', ' ', 'asset management software', ' ', 'network management', '']
PatientStream
	Provider of an electronic patient tracking system for hospitals. The company provides a cloud-based healthcare operations decision support and communication automation technologies for patients and hospital staff.
	['', 'electronic whiteboard', ' ', 'multilingual whiteboard', ' ', 'healthcare operations', ' ', 'patient tracking', ' ', 'healthcare system', '']
Navita Systems
	Provider of decision-support technology for transaction and risk management in the energy market. The company has developed a software product offering an overview of the opportunities and risks in energy trading, as well as decision-support systems for physical and financial trading in the energy sector.
	['', 'decision support systems', ' ', 'risk management', ' ', 'energy trading', '']
Centra Software
	Provider of enterprise application software and services for real-time communication, collaboration and learning over the web. The company provides software infrastructure and an ecosystem of strategic partnerships for virtual classrooms, web conferences and eMeetings. The company also offers consulting, education, content creation and support services that enable its customers to implement, deploy and support its products and services.
	['', 'online business communication', ' ', 'web seminars', ' ', 'virtual learning', ' ', 'web meetings', ' ', 'content management', '']
Quiver
	Developer of information management software. The company offers QKS Classifier, a taxonomy and content categorization platform that combines the technology with human judgment to increase productivity and informed decision-making.
	['', 'information management software', ' productivity ', 'content categorization', ' MIS']
Prodea
	Provider of data warehousing, decision support and application development software. The company\'s product helps in accessing and transforming raw data into useable, relevant information that can be shared throughout an enterprise.
	['', 'data transformation', ' ', 'data access', ' ', 'decision support', ' ', 'data warehousing', ' ', 'application development software', '']
NCompass Labs
	Provider of enterprise web content management solutions. The company develops NCompass Resolution, the enterprise-strength web content management system for the microsoft platform.
	['', 'Web content management system', ' resolution']
WebMessenger
	Provider of enterprise mobile messaging software. The company offers mobile real-time presence VoIP, and collaboration products for enterprises and workers.
	['', 'enterprise messaging service', ' ', 'messaging software', ' ', 'mobile communication', '']
