Benebit Networks
	Provider of a security software. The company develops security software for real time protection of information in the real world, security audits, penetration testing, programmer education programs, security consulting and data classification.
	['prevention ', 'information leakage', ' ', 'data theft', '']
NewRiver
	Provider of innovative technology solutions that simplify investor disclosure, transparency and cost savings to the delivery of fund data and investor communications. The company pioneered the first electronic prospectus, and guarantee its data to be "compliance grade" which allows customers to reduce risk, lower compliance costs and increase revenues.
	['compliance ', 'summary prospectus', ' ', 'share class analysis', '']
Enjoyor Technology Group
	Provider of urban intelligent turnkey services. The company provides intelligent techniques, products and application services for industry users of urban traffic, digital treatment and intelligent architecture.
	['', 'turnkey service', ' ', 'urban traffic', ' ', 'commercial service', '']
CATS Software
	Developer of specialist risk management software for financial institutions. The firm is a supplier of client/server software products for financial risk management. The products of the company are C-ATALYST and CARMA. C-ATALYST is integrated application of software products and tools used for financial risk management and CARMA is an application used for market and credit risk management.
	['', 'financial software', '']
TruSecure
	Provider of Internet security software. The company provides intelligent risk management and compliance products and services to improve security and reduce risk.
	['']
Axent
	Provider of enterprise-grade security software. The company provides an integrated suite of software designed to assess vulnerabilities and ensure policy compliance, provide firewall protection & intruder alerts; enable security Internet usage, and to manage users and resources.
	['', 'information security', ' ', 'information assets', ' ', 'security services', '']
Systems Research and Developement
	Developer of a new approach to identity and risk management. SRD’s identity recognition and relationship awareness solutions provided critical information infrastructure to support both government organizations and private companies in effectively managing operational risk and security risk while protecting personal privacy.
	['']
Demarc Security
	Provider of threat-security software. The company provides a platform enabling enterprises to centrally monitor & manage their networks and receive real-time security threat updates.
	['firewall ', 'internet security', ' ', 'threat protection', '']
Rohati Systems
	Provider of internet networking solutions. The company provides agent-less access management, authentication and authorization, controlled collaboration, managing offshore risk, micro perimeters, secure administration, compliance and audit, and payment card industry council\'s data security standards compliance solutions. It offers Transaction Networking System, a network-based entitlement control platform, which enables entitlement control on a per-transaction basis for data center environments.
	['', 'networking solution', ' ', 'access management', ' ', 'controlled collaboration', ' ', 'secure administration', ' ', 'compliance solution', ' ', 'control platform', '']
AirZip
	Provider of security software for preventing unauthorized access to confidential documents. The company provides FileSECURE to secure Microsoft Office documents, PDFs, all major CAD formats, images, media and other files as well as the output of ANY application that can print.
	['', 'file security', ' ', 'security software', ' ', 'access authorization', ' ', 'file access management', ' ', 'user authentication', ' ', 'file access tracking', ' ', 'group management', '']
Polivec
	Provider of an integrated, corporate-wide, software suite for Governance, Risk Management and Compliance (GRC) solutions. The company enables corporations to manage risk, reduce cost, minimize complexity and protect their current investments.
	['', 'risk management', ' ', 'corporate governance', ' ', 'compliance software', ' ', 'policy enforcement', '']
Lacoon Security
	Developer of security software technologies for smartphones and tablets. The company\'s technology can locate and filter smartphone malware via the internet.
	['', 'security software', ' ', 'mobile security', ' ', 'smartphone malware', '']
Digital Harbor
	Provider of risk management and compliance services for the financial services, industry and public sector clients. The company develops and markets PiiE, a platform for composite applications, which provides information integration and information management system for enterprises. The company\'s products include Smart Client and Fusion Server. The company also offers services for anti-money laundering, fraud, knowing customer, enterprise case management and risk management to the financial services industry. The company also provides services for insider threat, command and control, incident management, mission management, analyst workbench, logistics, and network centric operations to the federal government, intelligence community, homeland security and public work organizations.
	['', 'risk management', '  ', 'composite applications', ' ', 'inter-networked', ' ', 'intelligence services', ' ', 'business ontology', '']
Watchfire
	Provides online risk management, security and compliance testing software.
	['', 'risk management', ' ', 'security testing', ' ', 'compliance testing', ' ', 'online risk', ' ', 'online security', '']
Redspin
	Provider of information security assessments, risk management and compliance services. The company specializes in IT and web application security assessments, HIPAA security risk analysis, penetration testing and mobile device security assessments.
	['', 'information security', ' ', 'information security assessments', ' ', 'penetration testing', ' ', 'security audits', '']
FreshTL
	Provider of a platform for management software, cloud computing, compliance and risk management. The company provides applications and business tools to make information available across the enterprise and enable people to communicate.
	['', 'platform provider', ' ', 'risk management', ' ', 'information software', '']
