ModeWalk
	Provider of online marketplace for luxury designers and craftsmen. The company enables luxury designers and craftsmen to interact directly with consumers online and sell their products through online marketplace.
	['', 'luxury design', ' ', 'online marketplace', '']
Given Goods Company
	Provider of an online marketplace that encourages social change for companies. The company offers apparel, accessories, footwear, home goods and more from brand names, as well as up-and-coming designers who make a tangible impact.
	['', 'online store', ' ', 'fashion-forward apparel', ' ', 'home goods', '']
YellowDog Media
	Provider of an online shopping website. The company offers an online marketplace which uses social networks to connect buyers and sellers.
	['', 'online shopping website', ' ', 'social buying', ' ', 'online retail', ' ', 'seller buyer network', '']
MiNeeds
	Provider of an online marketplace for local services. The company provides a website enabling users to post service requests and receive bids from local professional service providers, such as photographers, contractors or dentists.
	['', 'productivity software', ' ', 'local professionals', ' ', 'data strategy', '']
Stylemarks
	Provider of mobile marketplace for vintage fashion and design products. The company provides a website enabling young and upcoming designers to showcase fashion, furniture, artwork, bags and gadgets to the German market.
	['', 'mobile marketplace', ' ', 'vintage fashion', ' ', 'design products', '']
AbbeyPost
	Operator of online marketplace and community. The company provides software-driven custom apparel and focuses on the needs of the plus size women\'s fashion market.
	['', 'online shopping platform', ' ', 'online fashion market', ' ', 'party dress', '']
Data Marketplace
	Operator of an online marketplace for data. The company provides a platform linking people seeking data with those who specialize in collecting, cleaning and analyzing data. Users place a request, and providers upload it to the site, provide descriptive metadata and set a price for it. The stored metadata is used to help consumers find relevant data through traditional search engines and when browsing the marketplace.
	['', 'online marketplace', ' ', 'payment processing', ' ', 'file conversion', ' whitelabel ', 'branded storefront', '']
AbeBooks
	Provider of an online marketplace for books. The company offers collections of new as well as used and out-of-print books on the Internet. It provides book sellers with a venue for their products.
	['', 'online marketplace', ' ', 'out-of-print', ' ', 'Internet Retail', ' ', 'book sales', '']
Pomocni.pl
	Provider of online marketplace in Poland for local contractors. The company provides a listing service for an array of services, including childcare, construction, computer services, tutors, car repair and entertainment.
	['', 'child care', ' ', 'senior care', ' ', 'construction verticals', '']
SideTour
	Provider of an online marketplace to book and host local activities. The company provides a curated list of activities, tours and other memorable things to do from pre-screened hosts, which is then marketed to to out-of-town visitors or local consumers wanting to know their city better. The company\'s service is available in select cities in the U.S.
	['', 'community marketplace', ' ', 'online booking service', ' ', 'hotel booking', ' ', 'peer-to-peer marketplace', ' ', 'curated activities', ' ', 'social marketplace', '']
LoveYourLarder
	Operator of an online food market. The company operates an online marketplace where the customers can discover artisan food and drink items from across the UK and buy directly from the people who make it.
	['', 'artisan food', ' ', 'online marketplace', '']
Bureau of Trade
	Provider of an online marketplace for men’s shopping. The company provides a platform that offers classic cars and vintage chronographs, mummy cartonage, lightning, furniture and literature.
	['', 'online shopping platform', ' ecommerce ', 'mummy cartonage', '']
BiddingAce
	Operator of an online marketplace for buying and selling general aviation aircraft. The company provides aircraft owners and pilots a resource on the Internet for conducting actual transactions and for encouraging market-based pricing for aircraft sales.
	['', 'aviation service', ' ', 'software tech', ' ', 'online market', '']
UGIG
	Provider of an online marketplace for performing artists and set operators. The company provides a web portal to match performing artists and related service providers with potential employers, including booking agents, event organizers and modeling agents.
	['', 'web portal', ' ', 'performing artist', ' ', 'set operator', '']
Exchange.com
	Developer of an online marketplace. The company is an e commerce marketplace which offers buyers a vast selection of merchandise from dealers and reputable sources.
	['', 'online marketplace', ' ', 'merchandise selection', ' ', 'merchandise dealer', '']
DisplayPoints
	Provider of interactive content and information directly to consumers at the point of presence. The company enables advertisers to access their target audience in venues where they are captive, out-of-home and ready to spend.
	['', 'digital media', ' interactive ', 'content information', '']
Excara
	Operator of a content and commerce services company. The company provides tools and services customized specifically to meet the needs of manufacturers\' sell-side and buy-side internet strategies. The company\'s sell-side solutions allow manufacturers to present and sell their products online, as well as manage their online supply chain.
	['', 'online content', ' ', "manufacturers\\' software", ' ', 'commerce service', '']
WebMediaGroup
	Owner and operator of social commerce websites in France. The company operates multiple websites geared toward women consumers, with content ranging from home appliances, gardening and decor to an online marketplace for handcrafted objects and a female-focused classified platform.
	['', 'specialist furniture', ' ', 'homemade products', ' ', 'household goods', '']
Indocs
	Provider of an application service provider for the printing and publishing industries. The company enables marketing staff, designers, and print houses to edit, manage, and produce graphically-enhanced documents online.
	['', 'application service provider', ' ', 'online documentation', ' publishing']
