Cemaphore Systems
	Developer of e-mail continuity and content management solutions for the Microsoft Exchange. The company\'s products include MailShadow, an enterprise email continuity and disaster recovery solution that protects Microsoft Exchange systems at the transaction level by replicating selected mailboxes from various exchange servers to disaster recovery exchange servers; and MailShadow 2.2 that delivers management automation solutions.
	['', 'content management', ' ', 'disaster recovery', ' ', 'management automation', '']
SteelEye Technology
	Provider of cost-effective enterprise IT reliability solutions for business continuity. The company\'s application failover, data replication, and disaster recovery software products are easy to deploy and operate, and enable enterprises of all sizes to ensure availability of business-critical applications, servers and data.
	['', 'Business Continuity', ' ', 'High Availability', ' ', 'Data Replication', ' ', 'Linux High Availability', '']
Neverfail
	Provider of data protection and disaster recovery software. The company develops software solutions that enable users to remain continuously connected to the live software application irrespective of hardware, software, operating system or network failures.
	['', 'data protection', ' ', 'security software', ' ', 'disaster recovery', ' ', 'disaster recovery software', '']
Teneros
	Provider of application continuity appliances for disaster recovery. The company’s Velocity series offers email application and data continuity in local high availability and remote disaster recovery models that support applications in various environments. It also offers Social Sentry that enables companies to monitor employee public activity on social networks.
	['', 'application continuity', ' ', 'disaster recovery', ' ', 'data comtinuity', ' ', 'social sentry', '']
InMage Systems
	Developer of disaster recovery (DR) software. The company provides DR-Scout, a CDP-based storage software platform that protects, maintains and accesses data, files, blocks and applications, as well as offers replication, disaster recovery, continuous data and application backup.
	['', 'disaster recovery software', ' ', 'local continuous backup', ' ', 'application backup', ' ', 'data migration', '']
DataGardens
	Provider of disaster recovery software systems. The company provides infrastructure services including virtual machine migration, virtual machine provisioning, fail over and fail back, backup and recovery across geographically distributed sites.
	['', 'disaster recovery', ' virtualization ', 'data center migration', '']
AppAssure Software
	Developer of backup, disaster protection and recovery software applications for Microsoft Exchange and BlackBerry environments. The company offers Virtual Recovery Accelerator, a disaster recovery solution that enables organizations to protect messaging environment workloads; Recovery Accelerator, which enables organizations to accelerate the recoveries of messaging environments and Replay agents that provide protection for Windows application servers. It also provides Data Store Manager, a software package for browsing, recovering, searching, exporting and analyzing e-mail and mailbox content directly from various unmounted Microsoft Exchange data stores; Exchange Observer, a tool that monitors and reports the health and status of exchange servers and data stores and DocRetriever for SharePoint, which provides multiple document, item, site, sub-site and folder restores without requiring a SharePoint recovery farm.
	['', 'recovery software', ' ', 'disaster protection', ' ', 'backup application', ' ', 'data storage', ' ', 'server monitor', '']
