SironaHealth
	Provider of healthcare communication technology and service. The company developed the IntelliView system using proprietary software that runs on industry standards operating platforms.
	['', 'communication technology', ' ', 'healthcare communication', ' ', 'proprietary software', ' ', 'industry standard', ' ', 'operating platform', '']
Solaiemes
	Developer of communication technology for mobility and unified communications. The company provides infrastructure to help carriers and service providers to enrich the communication experience with their base of customers beyond the person to person case.
	['', 'telco border', ' ', 'mobile cloud', ' ', 'rich communication', ' ', 'unified communication', '']
InstantService
	Provider of live chat services. The company offers various customer communication technologies for online businesses and contact centers including an integrated suite of live chat, email management, knowledge base, web site analytics and lead capture software application.
	['', 'live chat', ' ', 'customer communication', ' ', 'communication technologies', '']
Followap
	Provider of instant messaging and interconnect solutions. The company enables operators to provide real-time communication by messaging products.
	['', 'instant messaging', ' real-time convergence']
Vocera Communications
	Provider of mobile communication services to healthcare and non-healthcare markets. The company offers voice communication services, secure messaging applications and care transition services.
	['', 'communication service', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'hospital communication software', ' ', 'secure messaging application', ' ', 'care transition', '']
Postini
	Provider of on-demand communications security, compliance, and productivity solutions for email, instant messaging (IM), and the Web in North America and Europe. The company offers e-mail system administration applications and software for redirecting e-mail to wireless devices.
	['', 'communication security', ' ', 'productivity solution', ' ', 'reporting solution', ' ', 'professional service', '']
Natural Messaging
	Provider of commercial applications for instant messaging. The company also provides ubiquitous message-driven application services.
	['', 'commercial application', ' ', 'instant messaging', ' ', 'ubiquitous message application', '']
Banter
	Provider of communication technologies. The company provides technology designed to interpret unstructured text communication, like e mail, web form submissions, instant messaging and service inquiries.
	['', 'communication technology', ' ', 'text communication', ' ', 'instant messaging', '']
Ubique
	Operator of a software company. The company provides software products such as instant messaging and collaboration for multimedia communication.
	['', 'instant messaging', ' ', 'multimedia communication', ' ', 'virtual places', '']
Odigo
	Provider of instant messaging and presence management services to wireless carriers and service providers. The company also provides related services, including private-label IM client development, IM service hosting and installation.
	['', 'instant messaging', ' ', 'wireless carrier', ' ', 'service hosting', ' ', 'client development', '']
