eShare Technologies
	Provider of real-time customer and interactive communication services for e-commerce and online communities. The company\'s technologies include web-based customer service and support, customer self-service, live conferencing and events, distance learning, community chat, threaded discussion forums and custom integration tools. It also supplies application software and services to businesses, consumers and community sites.
	['', 'Interactive Marketing', ' ', 'live chat', ' e-commerce']
Merced Systems
	Provider of enterprise software solutions. The company focuses on improving the business execution of customer facing functions, including sales and customer Service.
	['', 'Service Performance Management', ' Sales']
Cube 6 Technologies
	Developer of software for business operations. The company develops software that enables a service company like HVAC contractors, electrical contractors, appliance service vendors, plumbing contractors to integrate every aspect of the business which includes customer service, scheduling and inventory.
	['', 'customer service software', ' ', 'inventory control software', ' ', 'inventory software', '']
Spacient Technologies
	Provider of enterprise technology and mobile computing solutions for the utilities and telecommunications industries with a focus on mobile GIS and field service automation. The company delivers software and professional services that enable organizations to improve operational efficiency, asset management and customer service.
	['', 'web application', ' ', 'mobile application', ' ', 'field computing solutions', ' GIS GPS ', 'Global Positioning System', '']
edge IPK
	Provider of enterprise software services. The company engages in offering user experience platform that helps in managing browser enabled applications for any product.
	['', 'enterprise software services', ' ', 'user experience platform', ' ', 'enterprise application software', '']
Intelligent Results
	Provider of customer analytics and decision management software. The company also provides solutions for collection, recovery, marketing and customer service.
	['', 'decision management', ' ', 'customer analytics', ' ', 'software platform', '']
Partnerware
	Provider of enterprise software and services for channel- focused companies. The company provides web- based extranet solutions that drives competitive advantages by providing faster channel and partner program execution.
	['', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'web- based solutions', '']
Encover
	Provider of enterprise software platform and seller of service contracts. The company\'s solution can be combined with sales professionals, multi-channel marketing programs, and multi-channel communication a self-service ecommerce engine.
	['', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'service contract', ' ', 'marketing program', ' ', 'ecommerce engine', '']
Noknoker
	Provider of consumer-facing loyalty platform and a merchant-facing marketing machine. The company offers customer loyalty digital and plastic cards that enable customers to earn rewards each time they buy from retail stores.
	['', 'plastic card', ' ', 'marketing machine', ' ', 'online platform software', '']
Camstar
	Provider of enterprise manufacturing execution and quality systems. The company makes manufacturing execution systems (MES) software for such industries as semiconductors, biotechnology, electronics, medical devices, and outsourced operations.
	['', 'system software', ' ', 'outsourced operation', ' ', 'quality system', '']
Crowd Muscle
	Provider of collaborative approach to market research and customer intelligence. The company uses a collection of rich analytic capabilities and provides a multi-dimensional understanding of a customer base, therefore helping the clients to take tactical and strategic decisions. The company also provides hard metrics that enable improvements in customer engagement and customer service.
	['', 'customer base', ' ', 'market research', ' ', 'crowd integration', '']
LiveLOOK
	Provider of cloud based customer collaboration tools. The company has developed a sales and customer service tool that allows company agents to instantly view a customer\'s screen and provides instant screen sharing sessions for online presentations and collaboration.
	['', 'collaboration tool', ' ', 'customer service tool', ' ', 'screen sharing platform', '']
Aurum Software
	Provider of Customer Relationship Management solutions for automating global sales, marketing, and customer service operations.  The company\'s products are based on advanced client/server and Internet/Intranet technologies and provide businesses with integrated, adaptable and mobile software solutions.
	['customers, relationship, relationship management, customer management, software, global sales, marketing, customer service, customer service operations']
Fathom Technology
	Developer of enterprise software components. The company provides enterprise software components on the EJB2 and .NET platforms.
	['', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'software tools', '']
Avexus
	Provider of software solutions for the lifecycle management of complex assets. The company provides focused solutions for MRO organizations that serve the Aerospace, Power Generation, Rail and Maritime Industries, with the Impresa enterprise software as the cornerstone of the Avexus Product Solution Suite.
	['', 'life cycle management', ' ', 'power generation', ' aerospace']
