Waywire
	Provider of a social artery for video news. The company\'s network provides original, syndicated and community created video content, allowing people to develop informed opinions on topics and then engage in positive debates and discussions.
	['', 'social artery', ' ', 'video news', ' ', 'social video', '']
Outside.In
	Provider of a data and technology platform that develops, organizes, and distributes hyperlocal news online. The company monitors news, blogs, and discussions on the Web and maps it to offline locations for the discovery and sharing of hyperlocal news and information.
	['', 'news distribution', ' ', 'technology platform', '']
Context Media Technologies
	Provider of social news. The company provides news mainly from the social networks.
	['', 'social news reader', ' ', 'online social news', ' ', 'social news summary', ' ', 'content discovery', ' ', 'content publishing', '']
Westside Today
	Publisher and distributor of monthly community news magazines to the upscale communities. They offer information pertaining to celebrities, politics, society, environment and everyday news.
	['', 'community news', ' ', 'celebrity news', ' ', 'publishing news', ' ', 'monthly news', ' ', 'political news', '']
The Taploid
	Provider of digital tabloid for social networks. The company\'s application takes social data of users friends from the web and turns that data into a magazine containing relevant stories, news, silly gossip and funny interactions.
	['', 'digital tabloid', ' ', 'online data', ' ', 'data conversion', '']
Alphonso Labs
	Provider of news reading application platform. The company enables users to consume news on mobile phones and tablets.
	['', 'news reading application', ' ', 'news application', ' ', 'mobile news', ' ', 'news reader', '']
La Estrella Digital
	Operator of an e-newspaper. The company provides news on emerging markets, finance, international news, management, politics and technology.
	['', 'e-newspaper', ' ', 'emerging markets', ' politics']
Silicon Media Group
	Provider of news and information for information technology industry. The company also provides personalized and real-time news and information for IT professionals.
	['', 'online news', ' ', 'information technology', ' ', 'IT news', '']
Viigo
	Developer of a content mobilization platform. The company offers News and RSS module for news, insights, and blogs; Weather module, which allows users to view the current temperature and forecasts for cities around the world; Sports module that provides live event updates, schedules, and results; and Business and Finance module that enables users to create and follow their own stock portfolio, calculate exchange rates, or even manage their online accounts.
	['sports weather ', 'finance module', ' ', 'portfolio management', ' weather']
BiTnews Media
	Operator of a video news platform. The company is a crowd-powered news channel focusing on decentralization initiatives and technologies such as crypto currencies, P2P energy grids, urban farming, direct democracy, three dimensional printing, decentralized internet, mesh networks and others.
	['', 'video news platform', ' ', 'digital currency', ' ', 'media platform', ' ', 'decentralized technology', '']
Individual.com
	Provider of individually customized news and information that is delivered to business people over the internet. The company collects articles from various news services, sorts them by company and topic and sends a daily news email to each user.
	['', 'news service', ' ', 'online news', '']
Handmark
	Developer of mobile media services for mobile devices. The company offers Tantao News Mobile Reader for BlackBerry smartphones that features global and domestic news generated by Chinese news sources.
	['', 'entertainment tool', ' ', 'mobile reader', ' ', 'signature rating', ' ', 'online reservation', ' database']
