Callipso
	Provider of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) services through its private fiber-optic network. The company offers wholesale origination and termination services, as well as flat-rate long-distance services. It also offers a back office monitoring system that allows clients to track and monitor call traffic through a Web-based interface and computer applications that provide users with teleconferencing, call monitoring and real-time billing services.
	['', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'fiber optic network', ' ', 'termination service', ' ', 'call monitoring', '']
Cedar Point Communications
	Provider of integrated voice over Internet protocol and multimedia switching technologies for the service provider and enterprise telecommunication industries. The company\'s products include SAFARI C3, a media switching system, which delivers Internet protocol multimedia subsystem (IMS) capabilities that support the anticipated migration to IMS architecture for converged networks; and SAFARI eMG, a media gateway that delivers flexibility. It also also provides training, customer, and solution services. Cedar Point Communications serves information technology departments and network operators, cable operators and telecommunications carriers, and enterprise customers and educational institutions.
	['', 'voice over Internet protocol', ' ', 'switching technology', ' ', 'switching system', '']
MetraTech
	Provider of web based services for billing, customer self care and partner management. The company\'s applications include mobile virtual network operator, internet protocol television, conferencing and collaboration, voice over Internet protocol, Internet service provider, messaging, utility computing and airports.
	['', 'online billing', ' ', 'partner management', ' ', 'business collaboration', '']
Telovations
	Provider of voice over Internet protocol communications services. The company\'s services feature applications, such as hosted phone systems, remote office, fax to email, find me or follow me, branch office networking, unified messaging, conference calls and collaboration, disaster redirect, email and broadband Internet, Microsoft integration toolbar, auto-attendant options, receptionist console and messages on hold.
	['', 'Internet protocol communication', ' ', 'hosted phone system', ' ', 'branch office networking', ' ', 'disaster redirect', ' ', 'remote office', ' ', 'conference calls', ' ', 'broadband Internet service', '']
Syndeo
	Developer of voice-over-internet-protocol software. The company provides broadband local loop and traditional narrowband carriers to drive additional value over their next-generation converged networks by offering VoIP (voice-over-IP) services.
	['VoIP']
Visage Mobile (Subscriber Management Business)
	Provider of a platform for mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs). The company provides on-demand management systems.
	['', 'virtual network operator', ' ', 'on demand management system', ' ', 'virtual service provider', '']
Northchurch Communications
	Developer of a service router for the creation of customized internet protocol services. The company provides next-generation edge access platforms for delivering IP-based services.
	['', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'service router', ' ', 'networking service', '']
Jacked
	Provider of internet protocol-based media interactivity solutions for television programming.
	['', 'customizable real-time dashboard', ' ', 'media interactivity solution', '']
CopperCom
	Provider of switching solutions for independent operating companies, competitive local exchange carriers and Internet service providers. The company makes software-based switches or softswitches and other products that enable advanced services such as voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP).
	['', 'switching solution', ' ', 'internet service providers', ' ', 'software-based switches', ' softswitches ', 'voice over internet protocol', '']
SmartLink
	Developer of integrated silicon. The company develops integrated silicon products for voice over internet protocol communications.
	['', 'broadband modem', ' ', 'Embedded fax', ' ', 'Embedded modem', ' ', 'Connectivity Product', '']
Globecomm Network Services
	Provider of internet connectivity services. The company designs internet protocol based networks. Its products are used in video broadcast, voice over Internet protocol and satellite-based applications.
	['', 'video broadcast', ' satellite ', 'internet connectivity', '']
TradingCom
	Operator and provider of telecommunications and internet services. The company providers telecommunications networking and Internet Protocol carrier platform.
	['', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'bandwidth service', ' ', 'internet service', '']
