Dapper
	Provider of an advertising technology platform for creating dynamic display advertisements. The company provides a platform built on machine learning, intent exploration, sophisticated matching algorithms and real-time automated optimization which delivers dynamically assembled, intent-driven display ads that drive increased relevance and performance.
	['', 'advertising technology platform', ' ', 'display adverts', ' ', 'display advertising', ' ', 'advertisement platform', ' ', 'web applications', ' ', 'semantic web', '']
DOCLIX
	Developer of pay-per-click advertising network. The company offers an online platform that delivers text advertisements within a controlled environment of quality content sites for advertisers as well as allows content publishers to customize the presentation of advertisements on their sites and to create new advertisement placements on under-monetized sections of each page or site.
	['', 'advertising network', ' ', 'online platform', ' ', 'quality content', ' ', 'text advertisement', '']
Famgro
	Provider of an indoor farming platform. The company provides a farming system equipped with a hydroponic growing system and an automatic harvesting system, that helps to grow produce in urban areas without use of pesticides.
	['', 'indoor farming', ' ', 'farming system', ' harvesting farming']
AdBrite
	Provider of an advertisement exchange platform. The company helps advertisers and publishers for selection and control by providing site-level transparency, display and video capabilities and an open platform for data providers and real-time bidders.
	['', 'Internet advertisement', ' ', 'open source platform', ' ', 'web marketing', ' ', 'advertisement exchange', ' ', 'advertisement network', '']
Beijing Feixiangren Information Technology
	Provider of online classified advertisement platform. The company provides a location-based advertising platform, with sections devoted to housing, jobs, personals, for sale, services, tickets, pets and discussion forums.
	['', 'local portal', ' ', 'locational information', ' ', 'social content', '']
Enterupt
	Operator of an online platform for advertisement. The company\'s faceified service enables sellers, service providers and agents to generate more leads, track their listings performance and unlock their reputations on classifieds sites.
	['', 'faceified service', ' ', 'service providers', ' ', 'information services', '']
SphereUp
	Provider of a platform for contact sharing. The company provides an online platform for contact search engine for websites and organizations on the cloud.
	['', 'contact sharing', ' ', 'contact search', ' ', 'social service', '']
Rare Crowds
	Provider of an advertising platform. The company provides an online platform to manage advertisement campaigns for organizations.
	['', 'open source advertising', ' ', 'advertising platform', ' ', 'advertisement campaigns', '']
FlexHire
	Operator of an online recruitment platform. The company provides an online candidate management system for recruiting employees.
	['', 'candidate management', ' ', 'recruitment platform', ' ', 'screen applicants', '']
CVCertify
	Provider of an online recruiting service. The company provides an online work history certification platform designed to enable applicants to validate specific career accomplishments throughout the course of their careers.
	['', 'online recruiting', ' ', 'online work', ' ', 'online certification', ' ', 'work history', ' ', 'job posting', '']
Sprockets
	Developer of collaborative software for the marketing and advertising industries. The company provides online project and deadline management for businesses.
	['', 'collaborative software', ' ', 'advertising agency', ' ', 'software developer', '']
Sellbox
	Provider of an ecommerce platform. The company offers an online platform that enables designers, musicians, writers, developers to sell their videos, music albums, ebooks, games and other digital goods.
	['', 'ecommerce platform', ' ', 'digital product', ' ebook']
LiveRail
	Provider of online video advertising services. The company’s suite enables video campaign management, advertisement unit support, campaign reporting, advertisement optimizing, video sample integration and video distribution and monitoring services. It provides advertisement source optimization, syndication reporting and share accounting services.
	['', 'online video advertising', ' ', 'online advertising service', ' ', 'video campaign management', ' ', 'monitoring service', '']
New Media Plus
	Provider of an online platform for conducting online marketing campaigns. The company\'s online platform MaTVpratique offers free access to entertaining and educational programs online. Videos can be viewed and downloaded on a PC, a multimedia player, a mobile phone or an iPhone.
	['', 'online marketing', ' ', 'educational videos', ' PC iphone']
Marketbright
	Provider of an on-demand marketing automation platform. The company\'s products include eMarketing Enterprise, an on-demand platform to roll out new campaigns, messages and offers daily, and validate strategies; BrightSite, which changes the way prospects interact with sales and marketing teams during an evaluation; and ChannelBright, which runs syndicated campaigns through channels.
	['', 'marketing automation platform', ' ', 'marketing solution', ' ', 'marketing automation', '']
AdColony
	Provider of a mobile advertising platform. The company offers high-definition in-app video advertisement network featuring Instant-Play technology across smartphone and tablet publisher inventory.
	['', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'video advertisement', ' ', 'tablet publisher', '']
LoanTek
	Provider of a pricing engine platform for mortgage companies. The company provides an online platform which connects mortgage consumers with loan officers.
	['', 'bank rate', ' auto-quoting ', 'email campaigns', ' ', 'marketing tools', '']
