Discovery Engine
	Developer of an internet search engine. The company offers an interaction model of search engine that also can also compile information from multiple sources.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'internet search engine', ' SEO']
Feedster
	Provider of Internet search, targeted media and advertising delivery services. The company offers information to consumers and internet sites.
	['', 'Internet search', ' ', 'targeted media', ' ', 'advertising delivery', '']
Wondir
	Operator of a live question and answer engine that connects people with questions to people with answers. The company provides a combination of live human answers and broad metasearch of the web.
	['', 'instant messaging', ' ', 'search engine', ' ', 'question forum', '']
Goby Technologies
	Operator of an online activity search engine and a mobile app that provides personalized activity recommendations. It offers information on various topics, such as hiking, beaches, parks, museums, restaurants, live music, family fun, outdoor recreation, offbeat activities, historic sites, bed and breakfasts, golf, and sports and games.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'activity search engine', ' ', 'vertical search', '  ', 'recommendation engine', '']
Cue
	Provider of search engine that runs through the cloud data. The company\'s search engine turns the accounts an individual depends on, like email, contacts and calendar, into a snapshot of the day. It also enhances existing calendar by automatically connecting events to related phone numbers, people and addresses.
	['', 'cloud data', ' ', 'search engine', ' ', 'connecting event', '']
Searchdaimon
	Provider of an open-enterprise search engine for corporate data and websites. The company provides a plug-and-play technology to search for knowledge and information from the Internet, documents, e-mails, attachments, customer-relationship systems and other content sources.
	['', 'enterprise search', ' ', 'corporate search', ' SME']
Spotsetter
	Provider of a social search engine that offers personalized recommendations for places to go. The company\'s platform uses a ranking algorithm that leverages each user’s content across different social networking sites.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'user content', ' ', 'search recommendation', '']
PeerPong
	Provider of a social search solution that allows users to ask questions and find information from people in their network through instant messaging and email.
	['', 'social search solution', ' ', 'search solution', ' ', 'search engine service', '']
Goshme Solucoes Para a Internet
	Developer and provider of search engine. The company assists users by providing a list of all search engines and databases appropriate to the query, ranked by relevance, divided by categories and sub-categories, and with a brief description about each search engine.
	['', 'search engine', ' databases ', 'Web Search', '']
Yandex
	Operator of an Internet search engine in Russia. The company offers access to a range of information available online; email and personalized services, including email, photo, Website, and blog-hosting services; maps and location-based services comprising map service, road traffic congestion monitoring, maps of metro systems, panoramic photo images of streets and towns, and user-generated map services; and downloadable applications and services for mobile and digital platforms and devices.
	['', 'internet search', ' ', 'search engine', ' ', 'web search', ' ', 'online information', ' ', 'email service', ' ', 'blog hosting', ' ', 'online map', ' ', 'mobile application', '']
SphereUp
	Provider of a platform for contact sharing. The company provides an online platform for contact search engine for websites and organizations on the cloud.
	['', 'contact sharing', ' ', 'contact search', ' ', 'social service', '']
Peryskop.pl
	Provider of an online search engine. The company provides semantic search engine for products and product\'s reviews in Polish and English.
	['', 'online search', ' ', 'online product search', ' ', 'semantic search engine', '']
HyWire
	Provider of search engine services for forwarding, classification, billing and security applications. The company develops IP-core & hardware solutions for improving networking equipment performance.
	['', 'routing equipment', ' ', 'search engine service', ' ', 'security application', '']
BackType
	Operator of a search engine that enables the users to find, follow, and share comments from blogs and social news sites on the Web. The company also enables to search query results by RSS feeds and emails.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'social impact', ' ', 'analytics platform', ' ', 'social impact analysis', ' ', 'social analytics platform', '']
Milewise
	Provider of a search engine for frequent fliers. The company\'s search engine is designed for fliers that helps to pay for using cash, airline miles and credit card points. It tracks all rewards in one place.
	['', 'traveling reward program', ' ', 'frequent fliers', ' ', 'traveling reward', '']
JustSpotted
	Provider of real time search engine. The company\'s search engine aggregates and organizes content being shared on the internet. It offers search options on entertainment, technology, sports, world and business, science, gaming, politics and lifestyle topics.
	['', 'realtime search engine', ' ', 'internet content', ' ', 'entertainment search option', '']
ClickMotive
	Provider of an online platform for website design, video making, dynamic search and mobile websites. The company creates interactive marketing software for the automotive industry. The company\'s product, Fusion, includes dealer websites, auto group websites, regional websites, OEM websites, mobile websites, search engine marketing (SEM) programs, search engine optimization (SEO) expertise, video marketing, lead delivery, admin tools, content management, reporting analytics, customization and support.
	['', 'website design', ' ', 'search engine programs', ' ', 'auto group websites', ' ', 'mobile websites', ' ', 'search engine marketing', ' ', 'search engine optimization', '']
Zoomf
	Provider of a residential property sales and letting search engine. The company also offers consumers local market intelligence and information on local amenities in their area of choice, via map and listings.
	['', 'residential property', ' ', 'market intelligence', ' ', 'search engine', '']
411
	Provider of an online search engine in Canada. The company provides search platform for user to locate whatever contact he whats to get in Canada.
	['', 'online search engine', ' ', 'search platform', ' ', 'database platform', '']
Dwellable
	Operator of mobile based vacation rental search engine. The company provides a mobile application for users to find rental accommodation for their vacation trips.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'rental place', ' accommodation']
MMC Networks
	Manufacturer of network processors and switch fabrics. The company’s products include EPIF, XPIF, and GPIF Packet Processors; nPX5400 Gigabit Ethernet switching engine; ATMS 2000 ATM switching engine; and PS 1000 Fast Ethernet switching engine.
	['', 'network processor', ' ', 'packet processor', ' ', 'switching engine', ' ', 'manufacturing company', '']
Delver
	Developer of a social search engine to help users to find content, media and people within their network.
	['', 'social search engine', ' ', 'social network search', ' ', 'people search', '']
Plasmyd
	Creator of an online community for researchers. The company provides a platform for peer review and discussion of research papers.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'scientific search', ' ', 'papers online', '']
CitySquares Online
	Provider of a hyper-local search engine. The company helps the local, neighborhood small businesses get found online.
	['', 'local search engine', ' ', 'local business information', ' ', 'hyper local engine', '']
TicketStumbler
	Operator of a secondary ticket market search engine and comparison website. The company allows users to find seats for events and compare the prices offered by online ticket retailers.
	['', 'ticket search engine', ' ', 'ticket comparison', ' ', 'online ticket', ' ', 'ticket market', '']
TalentSpring
	Provider of software as a service-based automated candidate sourcing services and solutions for recruiters and human resources professionals in the recruiter industry. The company enables recruiters and hiring managers to find resumes for passive and active candidates on social networking sites, job boards, and corporate application tracking systems utilizing semantic-search technology and a revolutionary resume-ranking algorithm.
	['', 'resume search engine', ' ', 'candidate sourcing service', ' ', 'recruitment solutionl', '']
