Foodik.ru
	Provider of an online food ordering service in Russia. The company provides convenience to customers and new degree of automation to restaurants.
	['restaurants ', 'food joints', ' automation']
Five Guys Restaurants (8 sites )
	Portfolio of 8 restaurants. The restaurants are located across central California including Elk Grove, Fresno, Lodi, Natomas, Roseville, Stockton, Tracy and West Sacramento.
	['burger ', 'junk food', ' ', 'restaurant service', '']
Sqipp
	Developer of a location based mobile ordering application from restaurants. The company enables restaurants to integrate a mobile ordering platform that makes orders and restaurant operations while allowing users to order and pay at participating restaurants using a smartphone.
	['', 'ordering application', ' ', 'participating restaurant', ' ', 'mobile ordering platform', '']
NetSila
	Provider of an online website for Arabian food recipes. The company provides a platform and mobile application for users to share and review recipes. It also provides information about cuisines and restaurants in Arab and European cities.
	['', 'share recipes', ' ', 'review recipes', ' ', 'Arabian food recipies', ' ', 'food portal', ' ', 'mobile app', '']
Skipola
	Developer of white-labeled application for restaurants. The company develops application that has contact information, menus and includes ways to order food through the application.
	['', 'white-labeled apps', ' ', 'restaurant information', ' ', 'food ordering', '']
ClickDelivery
	Provider of an online food delivery service. The company serves as distribution platform for online restaurant food and enables delivery through web and mobile applications.
	['', 'online food delivery', ' ', 'food delivery', ' ', 'restaurant food', '']
Just Eat
	Provider of an online food-ordering platform. The company operates a global online and mobile marketplace for restaurant take-out food. It also provides services in 13 countries around the world, with more than 40,000 takeaway restaurants in its network.
	['', 'online order', ' ', 'order processing', ' foodservice ', 'takeaway ordering', ' ', 'food delivery', '']
Yemeksepeti.com
	Provider of an online food ordering and delivery portal in Turkey. The company provides a platform enabling users to order food from their favorite restaurant through the Internet and have it delivered. The company\'s platform provides an aggregated list of the restaurants from which users can choose to place an order.
	['', 'online food ordering', ' ', 'food delivery portal', ' ', 'online food delivery', ' ', 'food delivery', '']
Jgzam
	Provider of an online food delivery platform. The company allows its users to discover new restaurants in their city, order food and even see what their friends are ordering from different restaurants. The website also allows restaurants to to accept orders from customers.
	['', 'food delivery', ' ', 'food order', ' ', 'online food ordering', ' ', 'food delivery platform', ' ', 'online delivery', ' ', 'online ordering', '']
Shutl
	Operator of an online shopping delivery platform. The company connects retailers with local courier companies by enabling immediate delivery of online purchases.
	['', 'same-day delivery', ' ', 'expedited delivery', ' ', 'same-hour delivery', ' delivery']
Mangia Technologies
	Provider of a platform for sports fans. The company enables people to order food and merchandise using mobile phones.
	['', 'food order', ' ', 'sports fan', ' ', 'ticket booking', '']
Lasso.it
	Provider of an online service offering delivery of spirits. The company offers on-demand delivery of artisan wine, beer, spirits, soda and specialty foods including cheese, sweets and meat platters from local merchants and gourmet food shops.
	['', 'food delivery', ' ', 'wine delivery', ' ', 'online alcohol', '']
