dedendo
	Provider of online access to pharmacy shops and medical stores. The company offers its customers direct access to their local pharmacy online.
	['', 'online medicine purchase', ' ', 'local pharmacy', ' ', 'internet retail', '']
Carpetland
	Operator of floor covering stores. The company provides variety of carpets to customers.
	['', 'floor covering', ' ', 'carpet stores', ' carpet']
Pollo Rey
	Chain of Mexican food restaurants. The company provides dishes like Gourmet Burritos,  Roasted Chicken, Fish Tacos, Quesadillas, Fresh Salads, Stuffed Potatoes and Vegetarian Food.
	['Quesadillas']
A World of Tile
	Owner and operator of a chain of retail tile and stone stores. The company\'s stores offer stone, ceramic, and porcelain tile products, as well as installation seminars.
	['tile stone ceramic porcelain florring retail store']
OnCart
	Provider of online grocery shopping services.
	['grocery ', 'online shopping', '']
Suvianda
	Operator of retail grocery stores. The company operates retail grocery stores specializing on Mexican food products.
	['', 'B2C Services', ' ', 'Department Stores', '']
Lightfull Foods
	Producer of nutritious snacks. The company provides its products through grocery and natural foods stores in United States, as well as online. It also offers smoothies.
	['', 'nutritious snack', ' ', 'healthy diet', ' ', 'online food store', ' ', 'healthy snacking', '']
The Learning Company
	Operator of a software development and sales company.The company operates as a publisher for consumer desktop publishing titles. Its flagship desktop publishing products are The Print Shop and PrintMaster. It operates a retail website offering its own software titles as well as others.
	['', 'convenient software', ' ', 'project templates', ' ', 'consumer products', '']
AbsolutelyNew
	Operator of an consumer goods company that launches new products from inventors into stores, catalogs, online retail stores and television shopping channels. The company engages in identifying, licensing, manufacturing, and selling inventions.
	['', 'online retail store', ' ', 'television shopping channel', ' ', 'selling invention', ' ', 'television shopping', '']
JobFlash
	Provider of hiring solutions for hourly and managerial employees. The company offers IVR technology and candidate scheduling services for restaurants, window cleaners, manufacturers, hotels, casinos, retail stores, and hospitality.
	['', 'hiring solution', ' ', 'managerial employee', ' ', 'ivr technology', ' ', 'employee service', ' ', 'candidate service', '']
Retail Info
	Operator of a website focused on online shopping. The company provides promotional offers to clients visiting supermarkets, consumer electronics stores, and DIY stores. The company also operates price comparison engines for products offered by online stores.
	['', 'online shopping portal', ' ', 'online shopping platform', ' ', 'internet retail services', '']
Propane Continental
	Operator of a wholesale and retail propane distribution company. The company operates a wholesale propane division and a network of retail propane outlets.
	['propane ', 'wholesale distribution', ' ', 'retail outlets', '']
DVDPlay
	Developer of automated and remotely managed DVD rental machine. The company is the developer of a rental machine for dispensing DVDs. The machine, which features a compact footprint,  is designed for heavily trafficked locations such as grocery stores, restaurants, convenience stores and apartment complexes.
	['', 'point of sale', ' kiosk DVD']
Q Gardens
	Operator of a retail gardening and farm-supply store. The company operates a seven-acre property from which it retails a range of gardening supplies and farming products, as well as produce, a cafe and cultivated gardens.
	['', 'garden store', ' ', 'farm supply', ' ', 'gardening products', ' ', 'gardening tools', ' ', 'gardening implements', '']
