Net4Call
	Provider of Parlay/OSA service delivery components for the telecommunications industry.  The company provides network independent value added voice, data communication and multimedia products and services for existing and next generation telecom networks fot fixed, IP and wireless.
	['OSA parlay VOIP ', 'telecommunication components', ' ', 'data communication', ' ', 'telecom networks', '']
Cisco Systems
	Designer, manufacturer and seller of Internet Protocol (IP) based networking technologies to its clients. The company offers various products and services including networking software, routers, video, wireless, security, voice and unified communication, telepresence, collaboration, webex, data center, virtualization and unified computing systems.
	['', 'information technology', ' ', 'networking technology', ' ', 'networking software', '']
NetCentrex
	Developer of networking products and network-based applications for business communications, customer interactions and broadband residential communications. The company offers network-based software enabling IP-based voice-video-data and FMC (fixed-mobile convergence) solutions for service providers; and software-based converged voice-video-data-over-IP solutions. It develops network (NGN) voice and video solutions that enable telecom operators and service providers to deliver voice-video-data and fixed-mobile converged services for the consumer and enterprise markets.
	['', 'broadband communication', ' ', 'network product', ' ', 'mobile converge service', '']
Genesis Networks
	Provider of global video transmission services over fiber and satellite that leverage the cost and integration advantages of internet protocol (IP) technology. The company offers quality of service (QoS) parameters for video-over-IP  proprietary software system to give customers control of the network themselves.
	['', 'video transmission', ' ', 'internet protocol', '']
Communicado
	Provider of solutions for managing converged voice/data communication networks that carry real-time person-to-person business communications.The company\'s solutions include VXTracker, which integrates the management of converged voice and data networks to enterprise standards; and Streamline.
	['', 'real time communication', ' ', 'converged voice', ' ', 'VXTracker', '']
Mobyson Holding
	Provider of mobile IP telephony services. The company markets telephony provisions, including hardware and software communication equipment.
	['', 'communication equipment', ' ', 'telephony service', ' ', 'hardware product', '']
FORE Systems
	Supplier of networking solutions based on intelligent infrastructure. The company designs, manufacturers and sells product design to handle the networked applications. The company is a supplier of ATM, computer network switches as well as the developer of network switches.
	['', 'Asynchronous Transfer Mode', ' ', 'computer network switches', ' ', 'high performance networking systems', ' ', 'enterprise applications', '']
Sonus Networks
	Provider of voice infrastructure products for the new public network. The company provides hardware and software that enable customers to deploy an integrated, packet-based network carrying both voice and data traffic.
	['', 'network services', ' ', 'voice infrastructure product', ' ', 'public network', ' ', 'voice traffic', '']
Ridgeway Systems and Software
	Provider of multi-boundary solutions for end-to-end IP video and voice communications. The company\'s software products, IPFreedom, securely traverse network firewalls and NATs (Network Address Translation) enabling the next generation of IP connectivity-ubiquitous IP video and voice between any and all IP endpoints.
	['firewall ', 'IP connectivity', ' telecommunications']
3Com
	Provider of secure, converged voice and data networking solutions that enable customers to manage voice, video, and data in a secure network environment. The company\'s products and services include security systems, such as intrusion prevention systems, network access control systems, and firewalls; Internet protocol (IP) telephony that includes IP telephony platforms, convergence application suite, and IP phones; and networking infrastructure products comprising local area network (LAN) switches, routers and gateways, mobility and wireless LAN, network and security management. In addition, the company offers a range of professional services, such as assessment and design, project management, training and certifications, installation, and integration services.
	['', 'computer communications equipments', ' ', 'secure network', ' ', 'intrusion prevention systems', ' installations']
