FCS Control Systems
	Developer of electromechanical and electro hydraulic flight and vehicle simulation equipment. The company develops a technology for control loading systems used in flight training simulators.
	['', 'electro hydraulic flight', ' ', 'vehicle simulation equipment', ' electromechanical']
Sim Skin
	Manufacturer of medical surgery training tool. The company manufactures surgical training model useful in surgical training.
	['', 'surgical training tool', ' ', 'surgical training model', ' ', 'medical device', '']
XTeam Training
	Developer of virtual training technologies. The company offers virtual training games and simulation for organizational development.
	['', 'online training', ' ', 'virtual training', ' ', '3D gaming', ' simulation']
Top Aces Consulting
	Provider of airborne combat training services. The company provides airborne services, such as close air support training, anti shipping profile, airborne adversary support and aerial target towing.
	['', 'airborne combat training', ' ', 'combat training service', ' ', 'airborne adversary support', ' ', 'aerial target towing', ' ', 'Training Service', '']
Clavister
	Provider of web based security and unified threat management software for physical and virtualized environments. The company offers virtual series network security products for virtual and cloud based security that include virtual private server, virtual private cloud, virtualized co location and hosted data center.
	['', 'unified threat management', ' ', 'virtual network security', ' ', 'IP-based security', ' ', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'cloud services', ' ', 'security software', '']
Metaversum
	Developer of a virtual world and related online community. The company is the creator of Twinity, an online, mirror world peopled by users\' avatars and featuring to-scale models of the real world\'s major cities, including Berlin, Singapore and London. The platform also offers an advertising channel through virtual shops, branded presences, in-world ad campaigns, product placements and sponsored events.
	['', '3D online world', ' ', 'create personal avatar', ' chat']
Aquila Technologies
	Developer of engineering software services. The company offers virtual engineering frameworks, image processing, computer game development, project consulting and project execution services.
	['engineering ', 'image processing', ' ', 'game development', ' ', 'project consulting', '']
Movirtu
	Provider of identity services for mobile operators. The company offers a virtual SIM based service that enables multiple numbers to be active on a single standard SIM card.
	['', 'telecommunications service', ' ', 'mobile technology', ' ', 'wireless service', '']
KOR Electronics
	Provider of military electronics equipment and system solutions. The company offers digital radiofrequency memories; radar environment simulators; electronic countermeasure target simulators; and electronic warfare simulators, which serve mission critical operational requirements, as well as laboratory simulation, testing, and training needs.
	['', 'military electronics', ' ', 'digital radiofrequency', ' ', 'radar environment simulator', '']
Prewise Group
	Provider of b-to-b digital training services in Finland. The company provides digital training and communication services for business change implementation, sales and customer support, process implementation and professional skills development.
	['', 'process implementation', ' assessments ', 'orientation training', '']
TheraSim
	Provider of a virtual patient simulation platform. The company provides virtual patient simulation platform for the assessment, training and education of healthcare workers.
	['', 'virtual patient', ' ', 'simulation platform', ' ', 'healthcare platform', '']
Golden Capital Network
	Operator of a non-profit networking, training and consulting company. The company’s services include venture capital conference series, venture communities economic development franchise, regional and cross-regional entrepreneurship training and development programs, V3 regional and cross-regional entrepreneur program, investor networking and showcasing, entrepreneur coaching and mentoring, public policy leadership and advising and early stage company showcasing.
	['', 'non profit', ' ', 'consultation services', ' ', 'cross regional entrepreneurship training', ' ', 'training services', '']
