EA Technology Ventures
	Provider of power asset management services. The company invests and works with new ventures across a wide range of traditional and emerging energy related sectors including energy efficiency, smart grid and new energy distribution and storage technologies.
	['', 'investment vehicle', ' ', 'smart grid', ' energy']
eQuilibrium Solutions
	Developer of energy management software.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'energy software', '']
BuildingIQ
	Provider of an energy management software. The company\'s software platform forecasts energy demand and automatically adjusts a building’s HVAC settings to optimize energy use.
	['', 'energy management', '  ', 'building energy management', ' ', 'energy efficiency', '']
Nanox
	Developer of nanostructured perovskite-based catalyst formulations for emission control and alternative energy applications. The company offers products for diesel oxidation catalysts and particulate control, oxidation of carbon monoxide, volatile organic compounds oxidation and physico-chemical data applications.
	['', 'emission control', ' oxidation energy']
JouleX
	Provider of energy management systems for data centers and enterprise networks. The company\'s main product is JouleX Energy Manager, a solution that monitors, analyzes and manages the energy usage of network-connected devices and systems in the enterprise network, data center and related facilities. Its software solution monitors, analyzes and manages PCs, servers, VoIP phones and devices, printers, network switching devices, IP power switches, and HVAC systems.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'sustainable energy', ' ', 'energy usage reduction', '']
P21
	Providers of autonomous energy supply and energy-efficient solutions, with the aim of replacing diesel generators with zero-emission products. The company provides services in energy efficiency and monitoring, solutions for supplying electricity to off-grid applications such as monitoring stations, telecommunications facilities or self-sufficient houses; and providing education and research programs for fuel-cell and solar-hydrogen technology.
	['energy-management ', 'energy consumption', ' ', 'hydrogen fuel cell system', ' ', 'climate reading', ' ', 'CO2 balance', '']
Gen110
	Provider of alternative way for heavy energy users to purchase residential power. The company provides customers with generators for no installation or upgradation fees, then customers pay for the electricity at a guaranteed rate.
	['', 'residential power', ' ', 'energy user', ' ', 'utility rate', ' ', 'distributed energy', '']
Alektrona
	Provider of hardware and software services for advanced metering infrastructure, demand side management and other energy-related applications. The company specializes in unifying open-standards products within energy management systems, enabling smart grid companies to better serve their customers energy needs
	['', 'broadband energy management', ' ', 'hardware solution', ' ', 'software solution', ' ', 'advanced metering infrastructure', ' ', 'energy management device', ' ', 'demand side management', ' ', 'energy-related application', ' ', 'energy network appliance', ' ', 'advanced metering system', '']
Enersciences Holdings
	Developer of energy products and services for the energy industry. The company develops energy technologies like drilling, fracturing and gas-to-liquid processing to help customers in their operations in the energy industry, while maintaining safety and environmental integrity.
	['', 'energy products', ' ', 'energy technologies', ' ', 'environment integrity', '']
Adura Technologies
	Provider of wireless lighting and energy management systems. The company provides lighting control service for new and retrofitted commercial buildings.
	['', 'lighting management', ' ', 'energy management', ' ', 'lighting control', ' ', 'energy saving', '']
Enermetrix
	Provider of real- time transaction - processing environment in which utilities, traders and marketers, service companies, commercial and industrial users buy and sell energy. The company provide internet commerce system that allows energy consumers, energy suppliers and utilities to share information.
	['', 'online energy trading', ' ', 'energy markets', ' ', 'energy sellers', ' ', 'energy buyers', ' ', 'energy software solutions', '']
Navita Systems
	Provider of decision-support technology for transaction and risk management in the energy market. The company has developed a software product offering an overview of the opportunities and risks in energy trading, as well as decision-support systems for physical and financial trading in the energy sector.
	['', 'decision support systems', ' ', 'risk management', ' ', 'energy trading', '']
Datapult
	Provider of enterprise energy management (EEM) services. The company provide web-based applications that are used to collect and analyze energy usage information, monitor power quality, engage in load management, conduct rate modeling and tariff comparisons, and dispatch distributed generation capabilities.
	['', 'enterprise management', ' ', 'web based application', ' ', 'power quality', ' ', 'load management', ' ', 'rate modeling', ' ', 'tariff comparison', '']
FieldView Solutions
	Provider of facilities managers and IT personnel that handle data centers with real time branch circuit and environmental monitoring, circuit alarm notification, and cabinet asset management for small and large data centers. The company’s enterprise-ready platform optimizes space and energy usage in data center environments, as well as enhances security features, access, and permissions. It serves financial, insurance, co-location, and pharmaceutical companies.
	['', 'enterprise software', ' ', 'energy management', ' ', 'risk mitigation', ' ', 'paltform optimization', ' ', 'space optimization', '']
Fat Spaniel Technologies
	Provider of monitoring and reporting services for the renewable energy industry. The company also provides lifecycle management services. It offers Fat Spaniel Insight Manager, a Web portal for building, sharing and running energy data applications.
	['', 'monitoring service', ' ', 'lifecycle management', ' ', 'energy data application', ' ', 'systems monitoring', '']
Imperium Renewables
	Producer of biodiesel from feedstock oils and glycerin, a by-product of biodiesel. The company operates BQ-9000®-certified biodiesel facilities in the United States.
	['biodiesel ', 'clean energy', ' ', 'green energy', ' ', 'waste management', ' ', 'sustainable fuel', '']
Fellon-McCord & Associates
	Provider of energy management, dispatch and consulting services to clients in the industrial and commercial sectors. The company provides a variety of services that include energy audits, energy RFPs, utility negotiations, natural gas bypass studies, energy sourcing, risk and demand management, cost-benefit analysis and program development.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'consulting services', ' ', 'management consulting', '']
Enerwise Global Technologies
	Provider of enterprise energy management solutions as a Web-based hosted software suite for commercial, institutional, and industrial customers to reduce energy consumption. The company also provides demand response, energy analysis, load management, distributed generation, utility allocation, and report generation and energy analytical services.
	['', 'energy management solution', ' ', 'enterprise solution', ' ', 'hosted software', ' ', 'energy analysis', ' ', 'load management', ' ', 'utility allocation', '']
Airxchange
	Manufacturer of energy recovery ventilation products and components. The company offers energy recovery ventilators, integrated packages, air handler options, wall mounts and packaged units. The company also provides field replacement services.
	['', 'energy recovery', ' ', 'energy recovery ventilation', ' ', 'recovery ventilator', ' ', 'air handler', ' ', 'wall mount', '']
Nest Labs
	Provider of learning thermostat focused on reducing home-energy consumption. The company\'s technology Learning Thermostat learns human behaviors and preferences, automatically adjusting the temperature so you can stay comfortable while saving energy and money.
	['', 'household heating', ' ', 'cooling bill', ' ', 'energy saving', ' thermostat ', 'energy bill', ' ', 'energy management', ' ', 'temperature control', ' ', 'household heater', ' heater ', 'smart home', '']
Greenbox Technology
	Provider of Web-based energy management solutions for the utilities and residential energy customers. The company\'s platform enables its customers to track, compare, and manage energy usage, as well as engages them in energy efficiency, demand response, alternative and renewable energy, and carbon reduction activities.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'energy utility', ' ', 'energy usage', ' ', 'energy efficiency', ' ', 'carbon reduction', '']
Yitran Communications
	Provider of powerline communication (PLC) technology for command and control applications. The company\'s technology is used in applications including energy management and demand response, automated meter reading/management (AMM/AMR), home/building automation, switching and lighting, white good appliances, HVAC control, remote meter reading and street light control. It also designs, develops and markets PLC integrated circuits.
	['', 'communication technology', ' ', 'energy management', ' ', 'integrated circuit', '']
Triacta Power Technologies
	Developer of energy management systems. The company develops energy systems which enables firms to reduce energy consumption and energy costs.
	['', 'energy management system', ' ', 'smart submetering', ' ', 'electrical sub metering', '']
