Bedo Technologies
	Provider of LBS application and service. The company\'s product enables users to take real-time location-based information and display it in context of a consumer’s online social network.
	['', 'location based services', ' ', 'LBS application software', ' ', 'online social network', '']
Echoecho Media
	Developer of a location-based mobile application for finding friends. The company offers an open API, cross-platform, carrier agnostic location sharing system which helsp users in searching for friends and suggesting meeting places.
	['', 'application developer', ' ', 'friend tracking', ' ', 'social content', '']
KitLocate
	Developer of location based applications. The company offers developers and brands a standard for user engagement and services, based on real-time location and enhanced user profiles.
	['', 'intelligence platform', ' ', 'real-time location', ' ', 'consumer location', '']
Loxi
	Developer of online and mobile applications. The company designs and develops applications for the fields of location based services and digital couponing.
	['', 'location based services', ' ', 'digital couponing', ' ', 'online applications', '']
UFIS
	Provider of airport information technology. The company provides integrated information for single, multi-terminal and multi-airport operations for the global aviation community. The company was spun out of Kongsberg Airport System.
	['', 'airport information', ' ', 'integrated services', ' operations']
MeNetwork
	Developer of location-based mobile marketing software for businesses and consumers. The company allows local merchants to deliver targeted content, offers, loyalty programs and promotions directly to consumers mobile devices based on the location-based services.
	['', 'advertisement and promotion', ' ', 'marketing software', ' ', 'targeted marketing', '']
GazeHawk
	Provider of eye tracking services using ordinary Webcams. The company offers an eye tracking technology that allows Web designers and publishers to see how visitors view their Webpage, advertisement or image.
	['', 'eye tracking service', ' ', 'ordinary webcam', ' ', 'eye tracking technology', ' ', 'web designer', '']
Whereonearth
	Developer of localization technologies. The company offers online location-based services, that enables users to search for local goods and services without entering a zip code or post code.
	['', 'localization technology', ' ', ' location-based services', ' ', ' location-based app', ' geocoding']
Penteye Technologies
	Developer of location tracking technologies. The company offers a real-time software which offers tracking and location-based services at airport and amusement parks.
	['', 'location-based services', ' ', 'location engine', ' ', 'alerting module', '']
Sapias
	Provider of web based intelligent resource management solutions for large enterprise customers. The company uses advanced wireless, GPS, Internet, telephony and database technologies to deliver much needed visibility to fleet managers - resulting in reduced operating costs, increased security, productivity and customer satisfaction. Sapias delivers intelligent, event-driven supply chain execution. Its patented technologies transform real-time, location-based data into customized business intelligence that can be easily integrated into existing mission-critical back-end systems.
	['', 'web based services', ' ', 'communication technology', '']
Compass Engine
	Developer of location based games. The company\'s product Bounty Island, an application for iOS devices like iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch, uses the player\'s physical location in the real world to generate the game\'s tropical island environment.
	['', 'recreational software', ' ', 'location based application', ' ', 'geolocation platform', '']
Meridian Apps
	Provider of assistance that helps location-based businesses engage with their visitors. The company offers its services to retail outlets, hotels, hospitals, subways, airports and museums to use their platform to build and maintain mobile apps that take advantage of GPS and other location-aware technologies.
	['', 'location-aware technology', ' ', 'mobile app', ' ', 'content management system', '']
