Bongomagic
	Provider of a platform for social-network marketing services. The company provides a platform that enables users to participate in a social-community marketplace, where they can buy products, apply for vacancies or make recommendations. The platform allows users to join or create their own online communities, where they can collaborate with other community members in make online recommendations, and in so doing, help charitable causes or earn financial rewards.
	['', 'software service', ' ', 'social-community', ' ', 'social-network marketing', '']
DoodleDeals
	Provider of daily deals for parents. The company offers an online platform where users can get deals on meal, restaurants, hotels as well as recipes, travel tips and feedback.
	['', 'daily deal', ' ', 'daily offer', ' ', 'parent deal', ' ', 'discount coupon', '']
Toothpick
	Provider of an online platform to book dentists appointments. The company provides a dentist finder platform where dentist can show their available appointments and patients can easily book in and become a new patient at their practice.
	['', 'online appointment', ' ', 'online dentist', ' ', 'online appointment platform', ' ', 'dental platform', ' dentist ', 'online dental appointment', '']
ubalo
	Provider on an online platform for numerical computing. The company provides interactive demos with the power of a full computer running in the user\'s browser.
	['', 'online platform', ' ', 'numerical computing', ' ', 'interactive demo', '']
Andoayudando.com
	Provider of an online corporate social responsibility platform. The company develops a digital platform that promotes socially responsible initiatives through people\'s participation in digital activities.
	['', 'social activity', ' ', 'social initiative', ' ', 'social cause', '']
Weardrobe
	Operator of a style focused social network that connects people. The company provides an online wardrobe where one can post pictures of their coordinated outfits, tag clothing in photos, catalogue outfits and share with friends.
	['', 'virtual closet', ' wadrobe ', 'online wadrobe', ' ', 'fashion site', ' clothes']
Atrua Technologies
	Developer of intelligent touch controls for the mobile device industry.The company provides a variety of touch-control products that can sense a user’s touch, confirm a user’s identity through fingerprint biometrics and convert touch motions and gestures into control input.
	['biometric ', 'security access', ' ', 'mobile phone technology', '']
SocialThing
	Provider of social networking, rock band, and cupcakes services. The company solutions allow new ways to interact with persons online.
	['', 'rock band', ' ', 'online application', ' ', 'social design', '']
Eons.com
	Operator of an online community enabling people to stay in touch with friends.
	['', 'social networking', ' ', 'baby boomer marketing', ' ', 'online dating', ' ', 'ad network', '']
Gruvie.com
	Provider of social network platform to aggregate their social web content into one location.
	['', 'social network', ' ', 'social web', ' ', 'network platform', ' ', 'web content', '']
Engagor
	Provider of an online platform for real-time customer engagement, social media monitoring and analytics. The company provides an online tool for medium-sized and large companies to monitor everything said about their brand and their industry in general.
	['', 'social media monitoring', ' ', 'online reporting', ' ', 'customer engagement', ' ', 'media montoring', ' ', 'social media dashboard', '']
Fafarazzi
	Provider of an entertainment platform. The company provides entertainment news, pop culture games, social forums as well as fantasy celebrity leagues for its users. It brings together the idea of social networking plus celebrities.
	['', 'social software', ' ', 'entertainment platform', ' ', 'pop culture game', ' ', 'entertainment news', '']
LearnSprout
	Provider of an online platform for educational data and application management. The company provides an integration platform to developers developing applications for educational institution.
	['', 'data analysis', ' ', 'student information', ' ', 'data security', '']
Threadsy
	Provider of an online integrated communication platform. The company provides an online integrated communication platform where users can combine their email and social network messages into a single inbox.
	['', 'integrated communication platform', ' ', 'online communication platform', ' ', 'social network', '']
Smarterer
	Provider of online services to rate and certify individuals on their proficiency of skill sets. The company offers skill assessments online platform for companies to assess employee skills.
	['', 'online service', ' ', 'individual certification', ' ', 'individual rating', ' ', 'individual proficiency', ' ', 'skill assessment', '']
Netlog
	Provider of an online platform for social networking. The company provides an online platform where users keep in touch with and extend their social network.
	['', 'social networking', ' ', 'networking platform', ' ', 'social platform', '']
Totombola
	Provider of an automated tool for creating and managing viral promotions through various social channels. The company offers an online platform to create different types of campaign (sweepstakes, photo contests and discount coupons) for different targets. These campaigns are self-managing and self-configuring.
	['', 'viral promotion', ' sweepstake ', 'photo contest', ' ', 'discount coupon', ' ', 'social channel', ' coupon']
CVCertify
	Provider of an online recruiting service. The company provides an online work history certification platform designed to enable applicants to validate specific career accomplishments throughout the course of their careers.
	['', 'online recruiting', ' ', 'online work', ' ', 'online certification', ' ', 'work history', ' ', 'job posting', '']
eGuardian
	Provider of a software solution that blocks contact with online predators and filters out adult content without hindering a child\'s learning, social networking, and exploring opportunities. The company helps to make online communication, including social networking sites, chat, and email safe from sexual predators and adult content.
	['', 'online communication', ' ', 'block online predator', ' ', 'block adult content', ' ', 'social networking', '']
NutshellMail
	Provider of services that help in keeping track of social networking activities. The company was developed so that all the users who have multiple accounts on various social networking sites could keep track of their activities easily.
	['', 'social networking', '', 'social network application', '', 'social software', '']
Fridge
	Provider of an online platform for group social networking. The company provides an online platform which allows users to share their private photos and status updates with their closest friends in relative safety.
	['', 'private social networking', ' ', 'social network', ' ', 'group social networking', '']
New Media Plus
	Provider of an online platform for conducting online marketing campaigns. The company\'s online platform MaTVpratique offers free access to entertaining and educational programs online. Videos can be viewed and downloaded on a PC, a multimedia player, a mobile phone or an iPhone.
	['', 'online marketing', ' ', 'educational videos', ' PC iphone']
Causes
	Provider of social network platform for spreading awareness. The company engages in social, political and cultural issues and hosts causes.com to advocate and raise funding for issues one chooses to participate.
	['', 'online fundraising', ' ', 'awareness platform', ' ', 'massage spreading', '']
Fotocommunity
	Provider of an online platform for uploading and sharing photographs. The company\'s website serves as an online community for both amateurs and professional photographers to showcase their photographs.
	['photography ', 'upload photos', ' ', 'photography exhibition', '']
