Affinity Payments
	Provider of payment platform. The company provides electronic payment services to merchants and partners.
	['', 'payment platform', ' ', 'electronic payment', ' ', 'online payment', '']
Piano media
	Provider of payment services to the media publishing industry. The company enables publishers to monetize web content without fear of losing either website advertising revenue or audience share.
	['', 'payment service', ' ', 'web content', ' ', 'paid content', '']
Up & Net
	Provider of e-payment services to e-merchants. The company creates private e-payment programs. The company provides e-gift card programs which are accepted by e-merchants. E-giftcards are re-materialized for distribution in convenience store.
	['', 'e-payment', ' ', 'e-giftcard', ' ', 'e-commerce', '']
Beijing Tong Technology Development
	Provider of electronic payment applications and services. The company supplies payment cards for the public transportation system in China.
	['', 'virtual payment', ' micro-payment ', 'payment services', '']
Billpoint
	Provider of billing and payment services. The company provided authorization, billing and payment services for small merchants and individuals who wanted to conduct e-commerce transaction.
	['', 'billing and payment', ' ', 'e-commerce transaction', ' ', 'payment service', '']
Starfish Holdings
	Operator of a personalized marketing and payments platform for retailers. The company provides its payment platform for use by grocery chains, drug chains and big box retailers, as well as neighborhood merchants and restaurants.
	['', 'payment service', ' ', 'payment platform', ' ', 'online transaction', '']
PlaySpan
	Provider of monetization solutions for online games, virtual worlds, and social networks. The company designs and develops virtual goods commerce and micro-payment platform for game publishers and developers.
	['', 'micropayment platform', ' ', 'micro-transaction platform', ' ', 'monetization solution', ' ', 'online game subscription', ' ', 'monetizing application', ' ', 'payment fraud prevention solution', ' ', 'alternate payment solution', ' ', 'pre-paid game card', ' ', 'social network payment solution', '']
BVfon Telecommunications
	Provider of telecommunication and payment applications for detention facilities. The company offers an information technology and communication system for handling and monitoring prisoners telephone conversations and retail shop payment system.
	['', 'telecommunication network', ' ', 'payment application', ' ', 'detention facility', '']
Clareon
	Provider of electronic payment platform for businesses. The company develops PayMode platform that enables businesses to send and receive electronic payments, along with detailed remittance information, to and from suppliers and customers.
	['', 'electronic payment', ' ', 'online transaction', ' ', 'electronic business payment', ' ', 'payment software', '']
Square
	Provider of online payment services. The company provides online payment services to enable merchants to accept credit cards anywhere, using a card reader that plugs into a phone or iPad.
	['', 'payment service', ' ', 'mobile payment device', ' ', 'digital payment', ' ', 'credit card payment', ' ', 'credit card reader', '']
Tipjoy
	Operator of a social payment engine. The company allows merchants to sell digital content and features, charities to raise money for causes, and individuals to give money to one another on their payment engine.
	['', 'social payment', ' ', 'digital content', ' ', 'payment engine', '']
ViVOtech (Reader Business)
	Provider of contactless/near field communications (NFC) payment software. The company\'s products include contactless payment systems; ViVOnfc, an OTA infrastructure software for NFC mobile payments and promotions; and ViVOplatform, which provides retailers with the software platform for promotional and loyalty applications.
	['', 'financial software', '']
DineroMail
	Provider of e-payment services to international merchants. The company operates as an online payment platform which helps companies to collect payments from online and offline sales. It offers different local payment methods like cash payment, credit cards, bank transfer and also e-wallet.
	['e-payment ', 'payment platform', ' ', 'transaction software', '']
Absolute Commerce
	Developer of an electronic payment tool. The company provides a way to integrate organization’s payment systems with supplier catalogs.
	['', 'electronic payment', ' ', 'electronic procurement', ' ', 'enterprise resource management', ' ', 'supplier enablement', ' ', 'price auditing', '']
Allcharge
	Provider of e-payment services. The company is a global Internet payment-service provider offering merchants and content owners e-payment, billing and processing technologies and services.
	['', 'digital content', ' ', 'electronic network', ' ', 'internet payment system', ' e-wallet']
99Bill
	Provider of independent third-party payment services in China. The company offers electronic payment services to enterprises and individuals. It also supports payment via international cards, such as VISA and MasterCard; and services domestic and international bank cards.
	['', 'third party payment', ' ', 'electronic payment', ' ', 'electronic fund transfer', '']
