CrystalVoice
	Provider of quality-of service-software for VoIP solutions.
	['', 'clear voice communication', ' ', 'clear voice', ' ', 'voice communication', '']
Combrio
	Provider of remote product services (RPS) software to managed services, enterprise information technology and industrial automation organizations to monitor and manage remote devices. The company’s products include Virtual Service Infrastructure software solution (VSI), an RPS ecosystem that provides the service delivery solutions for service providers, remote device monitoring and management solutions for service organizations and the service control solutions for enterprises.
	['', 'remote product services', ' ', 'managed services', ' ', 'enterprise information technology', ' ', 'industrial automation', ' ', 'remote devices', '']
BrowserCam
	Provider of screen capture and remote access services for Web developers and QA engineers. The company provides screen capture service that captures and displays in up to three PDA formats. It provides remote access service for testing mouseovers, javascript, forms, dynamic layouts, cascading style sheets and other platform dependent functionality. It also provides private virtual work spaces.
	['', 'remote access', ' ', 'screen capture service', ' ', 'virtual work space', ' ', 'testing mouseover', ' javascript ', 'email capture', '']
OakNet Publishing
	Provider of newsletter mailing service and ezine ad agency.
	['', 'newsletter mailing', ' ', 'mailing service', ' ', 'ad agency', '']
EPiCON
	Developer of software platforms that enable application service providers (ASPs) and enterprises to manage the life-cycle of desktop applications and application components from a central server on the Internet. The company\'s products include a software platform, which enables enterprises, and information technology departments to target applications to users based on central policies; deploy applications and application components to Windows personal computers (PCs) without overloading the network; and install applications and components automatically on PCs, without intervention from the PC users.
	['', 'software platform', ' ', 'desktop application', ' ', 'application component', '']
B-hive Networks
	Provider of virtual environment management solutions. The company offers B-hive Conductor, a software solution, which delivers service level control in virtualized IT environments. It’s software solution also provides visibility into the multi-tier applications, such as end-user transaction response time, virtual machine utilization, and cross-virtual machine dependencies to the virtual infrastructure groups, as well as determines baseline performance and usage of various business services and issues service level reports. It also plans and implements virtualization projects ranging from installation to capacity planning to performance improvement, as well as offers service delivery assessment services.
	['', 'environment management', ' ', 'service level control', ' ', 'virtual machine utilization', ' ', 'cross virtual machine', '']
Mobilespan
	Provider of remote access platform for personal devices. The company provides Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) technology that enables a company’s workforce to work from anywhere, on any device, while remaining integrated with existing management systems and fully compliant with data governance standards.
	['', 'data governance', ' ', 'remote access', ' ', 'personal device', ' ', 'mobile device', '']
NativeMinds
	Provider of Virtual Representatives or vRepsTM, which offers self-service solutions for Web customers. The company\'s software and services are used by organizations to answer product and service inquiries.
	['vRepsTM ', 'Virtual Representatives', ' ', 'self-service solutions', ' ', 'application software', '']
NTRglobal
	Provider of remote access technology and services for information technology (IT) service management and external customer support applications worldwide.
	['', 'remote access technology', ' ', 'customer support application', ' ', 'service management', '']
JDS Uniphase
	Viavi Solutions Inc was incorporated in California in 1979 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1993 as JDS Uniphase Corp (CA). The Company changed its name from JDS Uniphase Corp (CA) to Viavi Solutions Inc. The Company is a provider of network and service enablement solutions and optical products for telecommunications service providers, wireless operators, cable operators, network-equipment manufacturers and enterprises. Its segments include Network Enablement, Service Enablement, Communications and Commercial Optical Products and Optical Security and Performance Products. The Network Enablement segment provides an integrated portfolio of testing solutions that access the network to perform build-out and maintenance tasks. These solutions include instruments, software and services to design, build, turn-up, certify, troubleshoot and optimize networks. The Service Enablement segment provides embedded systems and enterprise performance management solutions that supply global service providers, enterprises and cloud operators visibility into network, service and application data. The Communications and Commercial Optical Products segment addresses end markets including data communications (Datacom) and telecommunications (Telecom) networking and commercial lasers (Lasers) for manufacturing, inspection and life-sciences applications. The Optical Security and Performance Products segment leverages its core optical coating technologies and volume manufacturing capability to design, manufacture, and sell products targeting anti-counterfeiting, consumer and industrial, government, healthcare and other markets. The Company markets its products to telecommunications and cable service providers, NEMs, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), enterprises, governmental organizations, distributors and strategic partners. Its competitors include Giesecke & Devrient, Agilent Technologies, Inc., Anritsu Corporation, Exfo Inc., Ixia, NetScout Systems, Inc.
	['', '', 'optical communications', ' laser']
Wisor Telecom
	Provider of e-sourcing solutions for communications services. The company\'s products control service inventory, help in auditing, reconciliation of vendor/supplier invoices, manage vendor performance, facilitate on-time service delivery and manage service rules.
	['', 'communication services', ' ', 'service management', '']
Operax
	Provider of products for dynamic service and bandwidth control. The company offers dynamic resource and admission control product for single service deployments.
	['', 'bandwidth management', ' ', 'internet protocol network', ' ', 'Connectivity Product', '']
Avenda Systems
	Provider of network access solutions for user and endpoint authentication and posture assessment. The company offers trust and identity policy solutions for enterprises and government organizations internationally. It also provides a proactive resource management solution that secures networks and organizations from threats before the user gains access.
	['', 'network access', ' ', 'endpoint authentication', ' ', 'posture assessment', ' ', 'identity policy', ' ', 'management solution', '']
NetSolve
	Provider of enterprise data networking services. The company offers services for managing remote network and complex IT infrastructures with remote management technology. It also helps in monitoring and management of IP communications networks, security software and devices, WANs and LANs and also offers a secure web-based portal to give customers and partners real-time visibility of their IT infrastructure.
	['', 'IT infrastructure', ' ', 'remote network', ' ', 'software infrastructure', ' monitoring firewall']
