GeckoGo
	Operator of an online travel website. The company provides travel website for travelers which enables them to post, discuss and read travel information and reviews. It also develops travel applications for mobile phones.
	['', 'travel application', ' ', 'travel website', ' ', 'travel resource', '']
Offbeat Guides
	Provider of travel guides to travel industry enterprise. The company\'s technology provide the most recent information about the destination.
	['', 'travel guide', ' ', 'travel industry', ' ', 'information provider', '']
BelleHavens
	Operator of a destination club. The company provides pre-arrival travel planning and concierge services. The company\'s residential portfolio\'s provides ocean waves, desert oasis and golf courses.
	['', 'travel planning', ' club ', 'travel experiences', ' ', 'concierge services', ' ', 'golf courses', ' destination']
Truth Soft
	Operator of a mobile-application development studio. The company provides travel applications for iPhone and Android devices.
	['', 'subway map', ' ', 'travel guide', ' ', 'consumer product', '']
KAYAK Software
	Provider of a travel search engine. The company allows users to book flights, hotels, vacations, cars and deals directly, as well as through online agencies. It searches and displays information from various travel sites, which include prices and itineraries from airlines, hotels, rental car companies and cruise lines.
	['', 'travel search engine', ' ', 'online travel agency', ' ', 'pay per click advertising', ' ', 'travel site', ' ', 'travel website', ' ', 'online travel', ' ', 'travel deals', ' ', 'travel agency', '']
OakNet Publishing
	Provider of newsletter mailing service and ezine ad agency.
	['', 'newsletter mailing', ' ', 'mailing service', ' ', 'ad agency', '']
Travelmenu
	Operator of an online travel agency. The company operates as a hotel booking engine and provides online retail of travel products, including hotels, flights and package holidays.
	['', 'online travel agency', ' ', 'hotel booking', ' ', 'package tour', '']
Tuniu.com
	Provider of online travel services for travelers departing from the Chinese cities Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzen. The company provides online booking and information services for airlines, hotels, car rentals, vacation and tour package deals.
	['', 'travel management', ' ', 'online booking', ' reservation ', 'travel service', ' ', 'online travel', ' ', 'vacation package', '']
GetThere
	Operator of online corporate travel and collaboration solution. The company provides platform for reservation of rail,car,hotels online. The company combines travel, collaboration and expense solutions to help corporations connect and grow business.
	['', 'global service infrastructure', ' travel']
Viator
	Provider of travel destination products, technology and distribution services. The company arranges for multi-day trips, ranging from two to five days to religious sites, tropical islands, historic castles and natural wonders.
	['', 'travel destination product', ' ', 'online travel service', ' ', 'travel service', ' ', 'religious site', ' ', 'historic site', '']
NetFlip
	Provider of a pay-for-performance online marketing network. The company provides cash to customers for signing up for deals like credit cards, CD and book clubs, free web services and  cheap long distance travel.
	['', 'internet shop', ' ecommerce ', 'online shop', ' ', 'online deal', '']
Burufly
	Provider of an online travel portal. The company offers an online platform that enables users to search for places to travel in Indonesia and book hotels and flights.
	['', 'travel site', ' ', 'travel portal', ' ', 'tour packages', '']
Douro Azul
	Owner and operator of river cruise ships on the Douro River in Portugal. The company provides gym, spa, and other amenities, along with lodging, on their vessels. The company has plans to open a hotel as well.
	['cruise ', 'Cruise ship', ' ', 'cruise vessel', ' ', 'river cruise', ' ', 'luxury cruise', '']
ExperienceOn Ventures
	Operator of a website which will make internet hotel search faster. The company offers flexible travel options to its clients to enhance their travel experience and support their travel plans.
	['', 'hotel search', ' ', 'travel solution', ' ', 'travel experience', ' travel']
Fly.pl
	Provider of online travel services. The company is the provider of a Polish-language booking site for international flights and travel packages.
	['', 'travel services', ' ', 'holiday packages', ' ', 'airline tickets', ' ', 'online travel', ' ', 'booking site', ' ', 'international travel', '']
Morethanhotels
	Operator of hotels. The company owns and operates twelve Express by Holiday Inn hotels throughout United Kingdom.
	['', 'hotels in United Kingdom', ' ', 'resorts in United Kingdom', ' ', 'budget accommodations', ' ', 'hotels and resorts', '']
WorldMate
	Developer of mobile travel itinerary management platform. The company\'s platform collates structured itineraries by recognizing and then parsing confirmation emails from all significant travel providers worldwide. It provides travelers with services such as itinerary updates and changes, flight delays and cancellations.
	['', 'mobile travel software', ' ', 'android application', ' ', 'personal travel assistant', ' ', 'business travel', '']
Conservation Tourism
	Provider of tourism services. The company is engaged in the travel industry and is known to build tramways across the world.
	['tourism travel']
Wanderfly
	Provider of a platform to discover and share travel recommendations. The company uses Facebook friends and Google Contacts to give users recommendations on hotels, restaurants and activities.
	['', 'online travel recommendation', ' ', 'travel information', ' ', 'travel review', '']
BedandBreakfast.com
	Operator of an online bed and breakfast directory and reservation network. The company also offers gift cards for bed and breakfast travel online. It enables its users to search and make reservations for bed and breakfast home stays, country inns, urban bed and breakfasts, guest houses, lodges, cabins, historic hotels, small resorts, guest ranches, farmhouse accommodations, and working farm and ranch vacations located in the United States, Canada, and internationally.
	['', 'bed and breakfast directory', ' ', 'bed and breakfast travel online', ' ', 'bed and breakfast home stay', ' ', 'online reservation', ' ', 'travel agency', '']
DealAngel
	Provider of a travel deal search engine. The company enables users to find travel and hotel deals.
	['', 'travel deal', ' ', 'travel search engine', ' ', 'hotel deal', '']
Mobile Travel Technologies
	Provider of mobile technology platform for airlines and corporate travel industry. The company\'s products enable the airlines, hotel chains and travel intermediaries to provide their services to travelers via mobile phones and devices.
	['', 'mobile travel platform', ' ', 'global travel industry', ' ', 'mobile technology', ' ', 'corporate travel management', '']
TravelShark
	Provider of an online global travel network that comprises of location-based travel Websites for destinations around the globe. The company channels global travel consumers directly to hotels, restaurants, resorts, spas, casinos, car rental agencies, and private aviation firms worldwide. It serves hospitality companies and traveling consumers.
	['', 'travel network', ' ', 'rental agency', ' ', 'hospitality company', ' ', 'aviation firm', ' ', 'traveling consumer', '']
