Actions Semiconductor
	A fabless semiconductor company which designs, develops and markets integrated platform solutions, including SoCs, firmware, software development tools and reference designs, for manufacturers of portable media players.
	['']
RMI Corporation
	Operator of a fabless semiconductor company. The company provides power-optimized System-on-a-Chip (SoCs) solutions to high-performance processors for the digital consumer, wireless, networking, security, thin clients, and connected multi-media devices market. It offers XLR Processor Family, a processor solution that enables applications, including integrated security, web services, virtualized storage, and load balancing and server offload, as well as content and application aware, and multi-service routing and switching for various infrastructure equipment and enterprise systems; and XLS Processor Family, a multi-core and multi-threaded XLS Processor family that addresses applications that demand smaller form factor and lower power consumption.
	['', 'fabless semiconductor', ' ', 'semiconductor chips', ' ', 'semiconductor design', '']
SiXis
	Developer of silicon circuit board technology. The company provides chip-level integration through a Silicon Integrated Circuit Board (SICB) technology platform.
	['', 'technology platform', ' semiconductor ', 'circuit board', '']
Intel Corporation
	Developer and manufacturer of microprocessors and other semiconductor components. The company develops integrated digital technology products, mainly integrated circuits, for industries such as computing and communications.
	['', 'integrated digital technology', ' ', 'semiconductor component', ' ', 'technology platform', '']
EqcoLogic
	Owner and operator of a fabless semiconductor company. The company designs and develops equalizer and coaxial transceiver products and technologies.
	['', 'Transceiver circuit', ' ', 'coaxial transceiver product', ' cable']
Gradient Design Automation (Electrothermal Analysis Technology)
	Developer of a electrothermal analysis software. The company offers an technology which allows designers to identify and correct thermal problems during integrated circuit development.
	['', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'thermal problems', ' electrothermal']
Oramir
	Developer of laser technology for the semiconductor industry. The company specializes in cleaning technologies for semiconductor wafers.
	['', 'semiconductor equipment', ' ', 'laser chips', ' ', 'laser technology', '']
Guide Technology
	Developer of continuous time interval analyzer and high-precision frequency counter instruments. The company supplies production-scale CTIA-based timing measurement services, allowing semiconductor manufacturers to minimize timing-related failures and to reduce production test costs through test-time reduction and extending their ATE lifecycles.
	['', 'time interval analyzer', ' ', 'frequency counter instrument', ' ', 'semiconductor support', ' ', 'information technology', '']
BeSang
	Provider of semiconductor. The company provides fabless semiconductor focusing on developing proprietary 3D integrated circuit technology.
	['', 'semiconductor', ' ', 'fabless semiconductor', '']
Xponent Photonics
	Provider of semiconductor processing technology. The company\'s product Surface Mount Photonics ("SMP"), include a range of triplexers and diplexers for single-fiber applications including point-to-point and bidirectional RF systems.
	['', 'semiconductor processing technology', ' ', 'surface mount photonic', ' semiconductor']
iKoa Corporation
	Provider of semiconductor products for consumer mobile devices in the mobile communications, entertainment, and personal computer markets. The company involves in developing disruptive semiconductor array technology.
	['', 'semiconductor product', ' ', 'mobile device', ' ', 'mobile communication', ' ', 'semiconductor array technology', '']
Alphachips
	Manufacturer and designer of semiconductor systems. The company provides semiconductor services that owns multiple application specific integrated circuits (IPs), system on chips (SoC) and products such as MHL and HDMI based on knowledge of high speed data transmission.
	['', 'semiconductor system', ' ', 'data transmission', ' ', 'integrated circuit', '']
Stream Processors
	Operator of fabless semiconductor company. The company develops stream processing architecture that help industrial companies accelerate time to market for their products, while reducing system development costs.
	['', 'stream processing architecture', ' ', 'cost reduction', ' ', 'fabless semiconductor', ' industry']
Wilinx
	Operator of a semiconductor company providing single-chip CMOS services covering the entire UWB bandwidth from 3 to 10 GHz. The company enables a wimedia based universal and robust wireless connectivity with enhanced range and data-rate for wireless personal area networks.
	['', 'CMOS services', ' ', 'wireless connectivilty', ' ', 'personal area network', ' bandwidth ', 'semiconductor company', '']
Lightspeed Logic
	Developer of mask reconfigurable intellectual property. The company provides digital logic implementation technology that provides time-to-market, yield, manufacturability, and development expense advantages over cell implementation. Its products are used in integrated device manufacturers and fabless semiconductor companies, such as imaging, video, audio, display control, wireless, networking, and automotive markets.
	['', 'intellectual property', ' ', 'cell implementation', ' ', 'fabless semiconductor', ' ', 'automotive market', '']
Neumath
	Developer of mathematical software for control solutions. The company provides semiconductor applications for industries such as engineering, biomedical and pharmaceutical arenas for a range of problem solutions and uses advanced mathematical techniques including neural network technology to control semiconductor fabrication equipment.
	['', 'mathematical software', ' semiconductor biomedical pharmaceutical']
Lightstorm Networks
	Developer of integrated semiconductors. The company is engaged in developing and manufacturing integrated, low power consuming semiconductor products for the transport of packet data over SONET/SDH and packet networks.
	['', 'high port density semiconductors', ' ', 'semiconductor products', ' ', 'semiconductor design', '']
Chipcon Group
	Provider of wireless and Zigbee-compliance RF transceivers. The company manufactures fabless semiconductor that provides standard radio frequency integrated circuits.
	['', 'fabless semiconductor', ' ', 'integrated circuit', ' transceiver']
Elixent
	Provider of reconfigurable arithmetic processors. The company offers reconfigurable semiconductor which helps chips to change its functions even when in use. The company also offers silicon devices and supporting software
	['', 'arithmetic processors', 'chip', 'reconfigurable semiconductor', '']
Enuclia Semiconductor
	Developer of semiconductors for display electronics such as flat panel televisions.
	['', 'semiconductor', ' ', 'visual semiconductor', ' ', 'screen semiconductor', ' ', 'TV semiconductor', ' ', 'television semiconductor', '']
Ikanos Communications
	Provider of semiconductors and software for interactive broadband. The company develops high performance semiconductor and software products that enable network equipment manufacturers and service providers to deliver broadband to the digital home.
	['', 'semiconductor manufacturing', ' ', 'interactive broadband', ' ', 'broadband software', ' ', 'fabless semiconductor', ' ', 'digital subscriber line', '']
Semiconductor Manufacturing International
	Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp was established as an exempt company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on April 3, 2000. The Company, together with its subsidiaries, is engaged in the computer-aided design, manufacturing, testing, packaging, and trading of integrated circuits and other semiconductor services. The Company operates wafer fabrication facilities in China, including facilities at Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Shenzhen, with an aggregate capacity of up to 247,500 8-inch wafer equivalents per month. It provides integrated circuit (IC) foundry and technology services at 0.35-micron to 28-nanometer. Currently, the Company has 300mm wafer fabrication facility (fab) and a 200mm mega-fab in Shanghai, a 300mm mega-fab and a second majority owned 300mm fab under development for advance nodes in Beijing, a 200mm fab in Tianjin, and a 200mm fab in Shenzhen. It also has customer service and marketing offices in the U.S., Europe, Japan, and Taiwan, and a representative office in Hong Kong. Its fabrication processes uses many raw materials, primarily silicon wafers, chemicals, gases, and various types of precious and other metals. It manufactures silicon wafers based on proprietary designs provided by its customers or third party designers. Its customers include IDMs, fabless semiconductor companies and systems companies. Its competitors are other pure-play foundries such as TSMC, UMC and Global Foundries. The Company is subject to substantial regulation by the Chinese government.
	['', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'wafer fabrication', ' ', 'integrated device', ' fabless']
WiQuest Communications
	Manufacturer of fabless semiconductors for ultra-wideband technologies. The company designs, develops, and supplies ultrawideband (UWB) solutions to PC, consumer electronics, and mobile systems companies. Its solution portfolio includes silicon, software, and manufacturing designs.
	['semiconductor ', 'fabless semiconductor', ' ', 'ultrawideband technology', ' ', 'consumer electronic', ' ', 'mobile system', ' ', 'manufacturing design', '']
Let It Wave
	Developer of video processing semiconductors. The company develops integrated circuit product and products that improve satellite images, seismic images, digital photographs, and medical images.
	['', 'fabless semiconductor', ' ', 'integrated circuit product', ' ', 'noise reduction device', '']
Voltaix
	Provider of materials for semiconductor chips and solar cells. The company provides electronic chemicals and gases used in semiconductor manufacturing processes. It also provides supply of deposition precursors for production of photovoltaic cells.
	['', 'electronic chemical', ' ', 'deposition precursor', ' ', 'photovoltaic cell', ' ', 'semiconductor', '']
RocketChips
	Developer of multi-gigabit speed analog and mixed signal integrated circuit technology. The company is involved in the development of high-speed Complementary metal–oxide semiconductor circuit topologies capable of achieving Gallium arsenide performance levels.
	['semiconductor CMOS GaAs multi-gigabit circuit']
Tropian
	Developer of fabless semiconductors for wireless devices. The company develops complex, wireless communications technology, including multi-mode radio transceiver products for the cellular handset market.
	['', 'wireless communication', ' ', 'fabless semiconductor', ' ', 'wireless devices', '']
Cadabra Design Automation
	Provider of automated transistor layout (ATL) tools. The company provides automated transistor layout (ATL) tools for the creation of cells used in the standard cell and semi-custom IC design process. The company\'s customer base includes semiconductor vendors, leading fabless semiconductor companies, and third-party library vendors.
	['', 'automated transistor tools', ' semiconductor']
Modem Art
	Developer of system-on-a-chip integrated circuit. The company develops integrated circuit for wideband and broadband communications systems focusing on baseband processes for third generation terminals and headsets.
	['', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'Application Specific Semiconductor', ' ', 'broadband communications system', '']
