Loyalize
	Developer of a media and marketing software. The company provides audience participation services for brands and content providers to engage with audiences in real-time.
	['', 'audience participation', ' ', 'white-label service', ' rewards']
Efficient Market Services
	Provider of store-specific information services to supermarket retailers, consumer packaged goods manufacturers, distributors and brokers. The company\'s software-based services transform basic product movement data into demand data with the integration of store-level consumer activity.
	['', 'store-specific solutions', ' ', 'software-based solutions', ' ', 'demand data', ' ', 'integration of store-level consumer activity', ' supermarket']
Comenta TV
	Operator of a real time social television guide for Latin America and Brazil. The company operates an online social platform which hosts real time television shows in Latin America and Brazil.
	['', 'real time', ' ', 'television show', ' ', 'television guide', '']
Insightera
	Operator of a real-time B2B personalization platform. The company provides machine learning algorithms and software that helps marketers to capitalize on their existing assets by personalizing onsite experience.
	['', 'personalization software', ' ', 'customer acquisition', ' ', 'marketing platform', '']
Flotype
	Developer of real-time messaging technology. The company builds  developer-friendly technologies focused on ease-of-use and simplicity. It licenses its enterprise-grade middleware, Bridge, to customers ranging from social web and software enterprises to financial and fleet management groups. Other offerings include NowJS, a free, open-source framework, for developers seeking real-time interactivity on Node.js and JavaScript browsers; and NowCluster for companies seeking scalability for NowJS applications.
	['', 'real time messaging', ' ', 'real time communication', ' ', 'enterprise grade communication', '']
Koality
	Provider of a continuous integration platform that parallelizes test suites, prevents broken builds and works behind firewall. The company\'s platform automatically parallelizes test suite across available virtual machines, manages parallelization and which eliminates nondeterministic test results.
	['', 'integration platform', ' ', 'manage parallelization', ' ', 'development tool', '']
RUN
	Provider of a real time advertising management platform. The company provides an advertising software platform which enbles users to advertise across multiple channels, including mobile, tablet, desktop and television.
	['', 'real-time bidding', ' ', 'audience targeting', ' ', 'programmatic advertising technology', '']
Listiki
	Provider of an online real-time data services. The company creates and shares collaborative lists. It offers lists of favorite stuff, groceries shopping, games and songs.
	['groceries ', 'favorite stuff', ' collaborative']
Net Effect Systems
	Provider of services to the e-commerce market. The company provides solution that enables real-time, text-based conversations between e-businesses and their customers.
	['text-based chat real-time']
E-glue Software Technologies
	Provider of real-time customer interaction management solutions. The company specialized in providing Real-Time Decisioning and Agent Guidance Solutions. The company offers InterAct suite, which performs information extraction from data source; InterAct executive suite, which enables users to set and communicate interaction management objectives based on business strategies; InterAct supervisor suite, which provides a view of interaction management performance from shift to shift; InterAct business expert suite, which is designed for the trained system user, and used to edit and input business rules to the system; and InterAct designer suite, which is used to create the base-level instructions for the decision engine.
	['', 'Customer Interaction Management Solutions', ' ', 'Agent Guidance Solutions', ' ', 'Call Center', '']
Striva
	Provider of data integration services. The company offers detail, infrastructure software, which combines native database access with agent-based technology platforms.
	['', 'data integration service', ' ', 'infrastructure software', ' ', 'native database access', ' ', 'technology platform', '']
FreakOut
	Provider of digital marketing platforms. The company develops demand-side platform for smartphone advertising and real-time bidding.
	['']
Nuvon
	Provider of medical devices for real-time event monitoring, notification and management. The company is engaged in device data mastery and patient care data integration solution that manages thousands of device connections across multiple locations with a single system controller.
	['', 'real-time event monitoring', ' ', 'patient care', ' ', 'medical device integration', '']
HStreaming
	Provides of services and consulting for real time data streaming and processing. The company\'s technology delivers performance to companies, academia and governments with data and low-latency requirements.
	['', 'data streaming', ' ', 'data processing', ' ', 'online data', '']
Pop Tip
	Developer of real time social feedback tool. The company develop brands, publishers and people analyze crowd conversation by making social data actionable. It also has its own dashboard that lets brands ask questions that are posted directly to Twitter. There is a front-end dashboard that can be seen by all followers to track the results of a poll they’ve participated in, while there’s a back-end dashboard catered to the brands, who can watch the answers come in real time.
	['', 'publisher conversation', ' ', 'social data', ' ', 'crowd conversation', '']
Coderloop
	Provider of real-time coding assessment platform.
	['', 'automated code evaluation', ' ', 'real time coding', ' ', 'puzzle solving', ' ', 'coder community', '']
Pintail Technologies
	Developer of real-time adaptive test technology for semiconductor manufacturing companies. The company offers SwifTest, an on-line adaptive test modules that run directly on the automated test equipment (ATE), and capture and analyze data in real-time; and TestScape, an optional database system, which accepts data in real-time from SwifTest and supports various data management applications.
	['', 'adaptive test technology', ' ', 'online adaptive test', ' ', 'database system', ' ', 'data management application', '']
Wohin.de
	Provider of an online platform for data integration of social events through social networks. The company provides information for various social events, including  theater, concerts and sports.
	['', 'onoline platform', ' ', 'data integration', ' ', 'social events', '']
Kontexto
	Developer of software and services that acquire, analyze and visualize streaming real time data. The company offers publish-flow services that allow digital executives, editors, Web producers and analysts to monitor content viewing trends on their own Websites and content publishing trends on various public Websites and tag-cert, a cookie auditing and monitoring service for corporate, government, e-commerce and media organizations, which helps users to avoid various legal hazards introduced by a changing regulatory environment.
	['', 'streaming real data', ' ', 'cookie auditing', ' ', 'news monitoring', ' ', 'real time data', '']
LearnSprout
	Provider of an online platform for educational data and application management. The company provides an integration platform to developers developing applications for educational institution.
	['', 'data analysis', ' ', 'student information', ' ', 'data security', '']
Neovest
	Developer of proactive intelligent technology solutions. The company provides technology that allows buy and sell-side communities to leverage an integrated suite of pre-trade analytics and order entry functionality to achieve best execution within today’s fast-paced and fragmented electronic markets. The company provides products and technologies that enable fast and efficient delivery of market data from multiple sources and drive real-time data analysis and decision support.
	['', 'software technology', ' ', 'broker-neutral financial technology', '']
Rosslyn Analytics
	Provider of on-demand spend analytics platform for providing real-time access to the enterprise-wide spend data. The company\'s cloud-based platform enables organizations to build, deploy and run on-demand comparative analysis.
	['', 'spend analytics platform', ' ', 'comparative analysis', ' ', 'spend data analysis', ' ', 'data integration', '']
Ripfire
	Developer of integration software. The company integrates search, personalization, categorization and marketing analytics into a single, real-time data for e-commerce and content sites.
	['', 'integration software', ' ', 'marketing analytics', ' ', 'web analytics', '']
ParStream
	Developer of real-time database technology. The company\'s platform helps companies generate timely, actionable insights from IoT data by providing new and differentiated ways to analyze streaming and historical data.
	['', 'graphic processing unit', ' ', 'hybrid network architecture', ' ', 'web analytics', ' ', 'real time', '']
Taviz Technology
	Provider of integration software that automates the development and management of intelligent adapters and connectors. The company offers applications that enables users to deploy and manage integrated applications cost.
	['', 'integration software', ' ', 'intelligent adapters', ' connectors']
PolySpace Technologies
	Provider of exhaustive code analysis for the presence or absence of runtime errors. The company offers a software product which performs automatic verification of a programs source code and detection of runtime errors.
	['', 'code analysis', ' ', 'run time error', ' ', 'embedded system', '']
Acta Technology
	Provider of a real-time data integration software platform. The company provides batch and real-time data integration platform for the extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) segment.
	['', 'data integration platform', ' real-time']
Luminate Software
	Provider of internet-based systems management platform. The company offers Mamba, a real-time monitoring and alerting software; and Luminate.Net, an automatic problem identification service delivered over the internet.
	['', 'real time software', ' ', 'problem identification service', ' ', 'internet based management', '']
Knowmadic
	Provider of enterprise and business-to-business integration software. The company\'s product line includes Knowmadic Integration Suite, Knowmadic WebActivity (TM) software and data integration software.
	['', 'business integration software', ' ', 'data integration software', ' ', 'data aggregation', '']
Look.io
	Developer of mobile engagement tools. The company is a provider of overlay live chat support with visual feedback into mobile applications that allows customer service agents to view and support mobile users in real-time.
	['feedback ', 'real time', ' chat']
