Watch Hill Partners (CRM Program)
	Provider of electronic customer relationship management and technical service offerings. The company is a management business consulting firm with a full line of business. The company provides customer relationship management consulting to help clients with that help of a regional team that stays on a project throughout the implementation lifecycle.
	['', 'customer relationship management', '']
Interactive Advisory Software
	Provider of wealth management software-as-a-service (SaaS) solution for financial advisors and wealth managers. The company offers services like financial planning, portfolio management, customer relationship management, back-office services/reconciliation, rebalancing and trading, client portal and reporting services.
	['', 'Wealth Management Software', ' ', 'Portfolio Management', ' ', 'Financial Planning', ' ', 'Customer Relationship Management', ' ', 'Back Office Services', ' ', 'Client Portals', '']
BenefitPoint
	Provider and developer of hosted integrated employee benefits infrastructure applications. The company also develops customer relationship management and procurement software platform. It offers its services and solutions to brokers, consultants, carriers, and general agents.
	['', 'infrastructure application', ' ', 'relationship management', ' ', 'software platform', ' ', 'communication portal', '']
Predictive Systems
	Provider of network consulting services. the company provides network infrastructure and security consulting services focused on helping global enterprises and service providers harness the power of network technology.
	['', 'information technology service', ' ', 'network consulting', ' ', 'design and security', '']
e2e
	Provider of IT consulting services.The company is a technology consulting firm specializing in software architecture, program management, process improvement and assessment services.
	['', 'technology consulting', ' ', 'program management', ' ', 'software architecture', ' ', 'process improvement', ' ', 'IT consulting', '']
Kentor
	Provider of information technological consultancy services. The company provides computer system integration services and software products for application management, billing, business development, business intelligence, customer relationship management and quality assurance.
	['', 'system integration', ' ', 'software development', ' ', 'it consultancy', '']
Amyyon
	Developer of Client Relationship Management (CRM) systems for both business-to-business and business-to-consumer markets. The company provides services such as electronic client file, food management, waiting list management, volunteer support relationship and document management.
	['', 'client relationship manager', ' ', 'document management', ' ', 'electronic client', '']
Lexington Software Associates
	Provider of technology and service solutions for software development and delivery environments. The company provides software consulting services including systems programming, website designing and high level consulting.
	['', 'service solutions', ' ', 'systems management', ' ', 'website designing', '']
PlugMeIn
	Provider of management consulting services. The company offers a Web technology which provides online leads to sales teams. Its product gives full access to contacts directly from any website, including company directories and social media sites.
	['', 'web technology', ' ', 'management consulting', '']
CRM Company Group
	Provider of management consulting services. The company engages in providing digital communication services for advertisements, sales promotion and public relations.
	['', 'management consultation', ' ', 'advertising campaigns', ' ', 'communication media', '']
Keen Systems
	Developer of Web to Print concept on-demand services. The company\'s software helps print publications transition to online retail. It also provides with the cloud-based system includes tools for customer relationship management and account management.
	['', 'web to Print', ' ', 'print media', ' ', 'online print', '']
Brassring
	Provider of talent management services. The company provides software, services and outsourcing that helps organizations identify, assess, recruit and retain a globally competitive workforce.
	['', 'talent management service', ' ', 'outsourcing service', ' ', 'recruitment consulting', '']
Before the Call
	Provider of an on-demand sales intelligence solutions. The company offers on-demand prospect development management solutions; myMarketspac, an application that enables to analyze the market space; and Data Cleanse, a solution, which allows matching, de-duplicating, and appending existing sales data.
	['', 'intelligence solution', ' ', 'management solution', ' ', 'customer relationship management', '']
Electronics Corporation of Israel Telecom
	Provider of network management systems and lifecycle services. The company offers network solutions to other service providers, energy, transportation government and defense sectors. They provide Optimized Multi-Layer Transport platform, carrier class transport platforms, carrier Ethernet network and bandwidth management.
	['', 'network solutions', ' ', 'network management', '']
Mobile Cohesion
	Provider of partner relationship management services. The company provides its consulting services in Ireland.
	['', 'relationship management', ' ', 'consulting service', ' ', 'management consultant', '']
Xtime
	Provider of retention services for the retail automotive industry. The company\'s ServiceCRM software is offered to automotive service departments for web scheduling and customer relationship management.
	['', 'web scheduling', ' ', 'automotive service', ' ', 'online scheduling', ' ', 'dealership scheduling', ' ', 'call-center scheduling', ' ', 'service marketing', ' ', 'shop control', '']
RealLife HR
	Provider of outsourced benefits management automation services. The company provides a suite of Web-applications and professional services that facilitate employee benefits communication, enrollment and ongoing administration.
	['', 'benefit management', ' ', 'outsourcing automation management', ' ', 'employee enrollment management', ' ', 'benefits management', ' ', 'employee benefits', '']
Servista
	Provider of management networking and outsourcing services. The company provides network management, outsourcing, consulting services and customer relationship management.
	['', 'network management', ' ', 'consulting service', ' ', 'customer relationship management', '']
Fidelio Software
	Operator of a software company. The company provides management support to the hospitality industry in the form of software, hardware and consulting services.
	['', 'software solution', ' ', 'consulting service', ' ', 'management support', '']
The Outsourcing Institute
	Provider of outsourcing services. The company tracks and forecasts the evolution of outsourcing while providing services and programs to assist buyers and sellers of outsourcing services.
	['', 'BPOmarketing', ' promotions ', 'relationship management', '']
Integrated Systems Consulting Group
	Provider of information and consulting services. The company provides software applications development and systems and network management consulting services. It also provides client-server architecture, graphical user interface-based applications, object-oriented and relational databases and cross-platform applications integration.
	['', 'information enabled service', ' ', 'client-server architecture', ' ', 'network management', '']
