MCN
	Provider of mobile search and advertising technology platform. The company provides advertising services to operators and content providers which includes  MessagePlus, RichMedia Advertising and Social Media Advertising.
	['', 'mobile search', ' ', 'search platform', ' ', 'search on mobile', ' ', 'advertising application', '']
Mobixell Networks
	Developer of mobile multimedia and advertising solutions to the mobile telecommunications industry. The company’s services enable mobile operators and content providers to offer multimedia based services to their subscribers. It distributes its services through system integrators and messaging and media platform vendors.
	['', 'mobile multimedia', ' ', 'multimedia based service', ' ', 'media platform vendor', ' ', 'mobile advertising', '']
AppRedeem
	Provider of a promotion and advertising platform for mobile applications discovery, branding and monetization. The company offers rewards and incentives both for installing and taking action on promoted applications.
	['', 'branding and monetization', ' ', 'rewards and incentives', ' ', 'gift cards', '']
Right Media
	Provider of digital advertising exchange for online advertising. The company provides an auction-based platform for advertisers, publishers, ad networks and technology providers to trade digital media. It also provides customer support, instructor-led training and e-learning and documentation services.
	['', 'online advertising', ' ', 'digital media trading', ' ', 'advertising exchange platform', '']
Dispop
	Developer of an online advertising-design platform. The company operates a crowdsourced platform that enables advertisers to run advertising-design contests, relying on a crowdsourced network to choose the best designs for their campaigns.
	['', 'crowd source', ' ', 'advertisement source', ' ', 'advertising design', ' ', 'banner advertising', '']
Authenticlick
	Operator of a web analytics company. The company specializes in web traffic intelligence services for online advertising optimization. It provides pay-per-click advertising audit and fraud detection technology and offers various services like identifying, verifying, documenting, scoring low quality click activity and helping to secure equitable refunds and credits.
	['', 'campaign services', ' ', 'web analytic', ' ', 'ROI optimization', '']
Shopa
	Developer of a social advertising platform. The company provides a social marketplace for its users to provide personalized shopping feeds towards targeted social offers.
	['', 'social advertising platform', ' ', 'social marketplace', ' ', 'online advertising platform', '']
Shopcastr
	Provider of an online and mobile platform for independent local retailers and shoppers. The company provides a web based platform where fashion and lifestyle retailers create online stores to feature their products.
	['', 'consumer service', ' ', 'mobile platform', ' ', 'local retailers', '']
Boo-box
	Provider of social media advertising services. The company provides various advertising services and allows the bloggers to monetize their blogs to earn money.
	['', 'media service', ' ', 'advertising system', ' ', 'business servcies', '']
ShopLocal
	Provider of multi-channel shopping and advertising services. The company offers a suite of solutions that connect advertisers and consumers online and in-store. Its solutions include an interactive and rich media banner ad that automatically delivers the clients locally versioned offers across the Web; a localization engine that distributes versioned local promotions and deals across various mediums; and an online circular advertising service that converts locally versioned ads into an online circular that shopper can view on their site.
	['', 'multi-channel shopping', ' ', 'advertising service', ' ', 'online in-store', ' ', 'rich media banner', ' ', 'localization engine', ' ', 'online circular advertising', '']
AdScale
	Provider of a marketplace for online advertising in Germany. The company offers traditional display advertising and special forms of advertising via video advertising and text ads to advertisers and website owners. The company also offers publishers and marketers a tool for controlling inventory use.
	['', 'online advertising', ' ', 'online marketplace', ' ', 'video advertising', '']
Namo Media
	Provider of a mobile advertising platform. The company offers online advertising services for mobile applications.
	['', 'mobile platform', ' ', 'application system', ' ', 'advertising service', '']
NebuAd
	Provider of online advertising solutions. The company’s behavioral advertising solutions help advertisers, publishers, and service providers.
	['', 'online media', ' ', 'advertising solution', ' ', 'behavioral advertising', ' ', 'behavioral targeting', '']
Intertisement
	Provider of advertising services to businesses and individuals. The company engages in the research and development of 3D augmented reality services and markets the same to the customers to be used as a visual advertisement platform.
	['', '3D augmented reality services', ' ', 'media services', ' ', 'advertising services', '']
Pharmacy TV Networks
	Provider of advertising platform for pharmaceutical companies. The company provides online media and advertising platform for medical and pharmaceutical companies.
	['', 'online media', ' ', 'online advertising', '']
MobileDevHQ
	Provider of a search engine and discovery platform for mobile applications and developers. The company offers a directory of mobile application developers, including their current portfolio of published applications and the category(ies) of projects they specialize in.
	['', 'discovery platform', ' ', 'application store optimization', ' ', 'competitive intelligence', '']
Maconomy
	Developer of enterprise project optimization (EPO) software. The company develops advertising applications on Apple\'s Macintosh operating system and runs on both Macintosh operating system and Windows NT.
	['', 'enterprise project optimization', ' ', 'advertising application', ' ', 'business application', '']
Medialets
	Developer of media advertising and an analytics platform for mobile applications. The company\'s platform enables mobile application developers to measure their audience and monetize their applications through advertising.
	['', 'media advertising', ' ', 'analytic platform', ' ', 'user activity', ' ', 'advertisement performance', ' ', 'advertising monetization', '']
Rare Crowds
	Provider of an advertising platform. The company provides an online platform to manage advertisement campaigns for organizations.
	['', 'open source advertising', ' ', 'advertising platform', ' ', 'advertisement campaigns', '']
Videoplaza
	Provider of advertising serving platform. The company provides an advertising serving platform which is used by the global client base to monetise video experiences on computers, mobile devices, tablets and televisions.
	['', 'serving platform', ' ', 'media sevice', ' ', 'advertising platform', '']
Ströer Interactive
	Provider of outdoor advertising services. The company offers online marketing services such as outdoor banner advertising.
	['', 'outdoor advertising services', ' ', 'banner advertising', ' ', 'outdoor marketing', '']
QuickCliqs
	Provider of a mobile platform that enables the users to connect with friends without having to go online. The company has developed a mobile platform from which users can invite their contacts to form groups for specific events, from there, they can ask questions, vote on answers and plan the event as a group, all while daily deals from Groupon and the like are pumped in as the event evolves.
	['', 'mobile platform', ' ', 'planning event', ' ', 'offline social media', '']
Zave Networks
	Operator of an incentive platform that links online and mobile incentive placement with in-store redemption. The company offers Zavers, an incentive network that replaces paper coupons and instead digitally links consumers, manufacturers, and retailers. Its solution gives product marketers a data environment around their incentives and online advertising.
	['', 'incentive platform', ' ', 'incentive network', ' ', 'mobile incentive placement', '']
MobileIron
	Provider of a mobile IT platform to secure and manage mobile applications, documents and devices. The company’s cloud-based software enables end-users to access their applications and data anywhere on the device of their choice, as well as providing access security.
	['', 'application management', ' ', 'document management', ' ', 'mobile device', ' ', 'mobile platform', '']
Salsa Systems
	Provider of visual development platforms for mobile applications. The company\'s technology and services facilitates mobile e-business and it enables enterprises to extend their existing data to anyone with a personal digital assistant (PDA) or other wireless device.
	['', 'visual development platforms', ' ', 'mobile e-business', ' ', 'software platform', '']
IdeaCast
	Provider of custom video content and advertising services. The company provides digital out-of-home television advertising services.
	['', 'video content', ' ', 'out-of-home', ' ', 'cable provider', '']
Camino Real
	Provider of mobile applications. The company\'s application helps mobile phone turn into a push-to-talk walkie-talkie.
	['', 'mobile application', ' ', 'voice messaging', ' ', 'walkie-talkie', '']
InstantQ
	Provider of an advertising platform for restaurants. The company allows restaurants to promote their services online.
	['', 'advertising platform', ' ', 'restaurant promotions', ' ', 'online services', '']
Cellnext Solutions
	Provider of mobile VAS and enterprise services for mobile operators, media companies, and content providers enterprises. The company offers CellPAY, a mobile payment platform that enables customers to make payments using their mobile phones; CellMONEY, a mobile electronic pre-paid voucher that is distributed electronically via mobile phones; Wizone, a Web-based application for running text message mobile; cellPUSH, which allows high volume outgoing messages; Cellxpress shortcode platform, WHICH captures incoming messages on short access numbers and mobile content sale; Global Messaging Engine, which captures incoming messages and focuses on providing access numbers to the end users; cellDIAL, which enables automated out dial calls for enterprises; and cellPAPER, an MMS based platform that provides a new idea to publish rich content on mobile.
	['', 'mobile payment platform', ' ', 'mobile VAS', ' ', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'product authentication', '']
Where
	Provider of local search and recommendation services on mobile phones and Web applications. The company offers WHERE, a mobile application for searching and locating places, events, and special offers; Where.com, a Web portal that offers local search and recommendation services; Traffic.com, a mobile traffic application that provides traffic related data in the United States with coverage in various metropolitan areas; and WHERE Ads, a hyper-local advertising network.
	['', 'location service', ' ', 'local search', ' ', 'hotel search', ' ', 'mobile traffic', ' ', 'local advertising', ' ', 'mobile advertising', '']
Openera Technologies
	Provider of mobile application handset services for converged mobile networks. The company enables the delivery of various multimedia IP communication services on mobile devices.
	['', 'mobile application', ' ', 'mobile service', ' ', 'multimedia IP communication', ' ', 'mobile device', '']
Bling Nation
	Provider of a mobile platform that connected businesses and customers through social rewards.
	['', 'e-payment', '']
Kontera
	Provider of an in text advertising and information. The company provides ContentLink, an in text advertising service that identifies contextually relevant keywords on a publishers web page, as well as matches them to relevant advertisements and information. It offers intext pay per click and web site advertising service.
	['', 'text advertising software', ' ', 'text engine', ' semantic']
Inaura
	Provider of mobile computing platform. The company\'s platform helps in simplifying the delivery of applications and services to end-users across the distributed enterprise and also enables an enterprise to deploy web services and provide safe and secure mobility of enterprise resources to the end users.
	['', 'mobile computing platform', ' ', 'application delivery', ' ', 'distributed enterprise', '']
