MoPowered
	Developer and operator of transactional systems for mobile commerce, banking and payments. The company provides various software platforms to support retailers at every stage of website integration from site building, inventory cataloging and marketing through to mobile checkout.
	['', 'mobile commerce', ' ', 'financial serves', ' ', 'outsource services', ' ', 'mobile banking', '']
vVault
	Provider of mobile productivity applications and software infrastructure. The company\'s technology platform provides mobile professionals with access to email attachments, native files and paper documents from virtually any wireless device or wired PC.
	['', 'mobile productivity application', ' ', 'software infrastructure', ' ', 'email attachments', '']
Mobile Commons
	Provider of a platform to create and manage mobile marketing campaigns. The company provides tools to reach people on mobile phones. It provides web based tools that provide functionalities like integrating mobile messaging into campaign strategy and website.
	['', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'mobile messaging', ' ', 'web based platform', '']
Grapple Mobile
	Developer of application software for the mobile market. The company designs, creates and distributes mobile apps to leading companies that work on a large number of handsets including Iphone, BlackBerry and Android.
	['', 'andriod app development', ', ', 'iphone app development', ', ', 'mobile technology', ' ', 'mobile app development', '']
Heysan
	Provider of mobile social messaging and community services. The company provides mobile Web based service use MSN, AIM, ICQ, Yahoo and GTalk accounts in mobile phones.
	['', 'mobile messaging', ' ', 'social messaging', ' ', 'mobile web service', '']
iLoop Mobile
	Provider of mobile coupons and mobile alerts. The company provides mobile services and technology for interactive mobile marketing, mobile advertising and mobile content distribution.
	['coupon ', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'mobile content distribution', '']
Kickanotch mobile
	Provider of mobile marketing services and technology solutions. The company’s solutions include mobile applications, code marketing and mobile barcodes, text marketing, mobile video marketing, and mobile Web design.
	['', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'text marketing', ' ', 'PUSH notification', '']
Whoop, Inc
	Provider of an online mobile content and application software. The company\'s products enable individuals and companies to create and share mobile content. It comprises of three major parts: the Whoop Creative Suite, the Whoop Management System and the Whoop Agent. The Whoop Creative Suite is a web-based publishing platform for the creation and sharing of mobile content and applications over every wireless network. The Whoop Management System directs the delivery of optimized content to various handsets and includes robust tracking, auditing and analytics. The Whoop Agent is delivered over the air with requested content and resides on the mobile device, acting as an interactive tuner and transmitter for engaging mobile experiences.
	['', 'mobile application', ' ', 'application developer', ' ', 'mobile content', ' ', 'mobile application developer', '']
SnipSnap App
	Provider of an application that scans, saves and redeems printed coupons on mobile phones. The company\'s technology allows users to organize their coupons and be reminded to use their coupons before they expire.
	['', 'mobile coupon', ' ', 'coupon scanning', ' ', 'scanning application', ' ', 'targeted advertising', '']
Tira Wireless
	Provider of porting technology for the mobile content market. The company publishes wireless java applications for mobile phones. The company\'s products includes jump developer desktop, jump deployment manager and assets for mobile content projects.
	['porting technology']
Mocean Mobile
	Provider of mobile marketing services for content publishers, advertisers, ad sellers, affiliates and developers. The company offers self-serve mobile advertising and mobile ad publishing services.
	['', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'content publisher', ' ', 'mobile advertisement', ' ', 'mobile content', '']
TapCommerce
	Provider of mobile-retargeting services. The company provides a software platform to help brands engage and convert their mobile audiences, to increase customer-lifetime value.
	['', 'mobile shopping application', ' ', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'mobile commerce', '']
mInfo
	Provider of multi-transport mobile search services. The company also provides mobile marketing tools to both advertisers and SMEs.
	['', 'information services', ' ', 'multi-transport mobile search', ' ', 'mobile search', '']
Swapcom
	Provider of software services in server-side mobile architecture for mobile telecom carriers. The company\'s mobile multimedia services include remote management of devices and carrier-grade hub services.
	['', 'mobile solutions', ' ', 'server-side mobile architecture', ' ', 'remote management of devices', '']
Tedemis
	Developer of personalized mobile marketing service. The company develops personalized mobile phones with integrated service portals.
	['', 'personalized mobile marketing', ' ', 'service portal', ' ', 'marketing service', ' ', 'business software', '']
SendMe
	Provider of wireless entertainment applications. The company provides direct to consumer mobile entertainment services. It provides interactive mobile trivia, ringtones, wallpaper, and mobile sweepstakes. It also provides horoscopes, jokes, gossips, romance tips, sports trivia, pick-up lines, diet tips, daily inspirations, and fan clubs.
	['', 'wireless entertainment applications', ' ', 'mobile entertainment services', ' ', 'social content', ' ', 'mobil services', '']
FatSkunk
	Provider of anti virus technology for mobile malware detection. The company offers a new software technology for mobile malware detection that uses physics, instead of conventional heuristics or signatures.
	['', 'mobile malware', ' ', 'anti virus', ' ', 'virus detection', ' ', 'malware detection', ' ', 'virus scan', ' ', 'software technology', '']
POPs
	Provider of mobile alerts and applications on Android smartphones. The company application enables Android users to personalize incoming message alerts, facebook, e-mail, whatsApp on the mobile phones.
	['Android ', 'mobile alert', ' smartphones ', 'mobile phone', '']
Openera Technologies
	Provider of mobile application handset services for converged mobile networks. The company enables the delivery of various multimedia IP communication services on mobile devices.
	['', 'mobile application', ' ', 'mobile service', ' ', 'multimedia IP communication', ' ', 'mobile device', '']
Teltier Technologies
	Provider of protection for mobile networks and the privacy of their subscribers. The company provides mobile network infrastructure platforms for secure presence and availability management.
	['', 'mobile network', ' ', 'mobile network infrastructure', ' ', 'mobile network operator', '']
Look.io
	Developer of mobile engagement tools. The company is a provider of overlay live chat support with visual feedback into mobile applications that allows customer service agents to view and support mobile users in real-time.
	['feedback ', 'real time', ' chat']
Movl
	Developer of applications for television and mobile device. The company provides to create applications to connect television and mobile via cloud on home networks.
	['', 'television application', ' ', 'workout customization', ' ', 'share video', '']
