API Outsourcing
	Provider of finance and accounting outsourcing solutions.
	['', 'finance outsourcing', ' ', 'accounting outsourcing', ' ', 'outsourcing solution', '']
myWealth.com
	Provider of control over investors portfolios by mastering the fundamentals of key markets. The company provides finance courses, investing courses and online investment classes. Its courses cover essentials of currency, stock and ETF trading, as well as portfolio management.
	['', 'investor portfolio', ' ', 'online finance course', ' ', 'online investing course', '']
Double-Take Software Canada
	Provider of software solutions for data protection and recovery. The company serves legal, educational, government, finance, and healthcare industries.
	['', 'software services', ' ', 'data recovery', ' ', 'data protection', '']
Koor Industries
	Investor of companies in agrochemicals, finance, telecommunications and asset management sectors. The company actively invests in agrochemicals through Makhteshim Agan Industries, in finance through Credit Suisse, in telecommunications and technology through its holdings in Microwave Networks, in asset management through Epsilon Investment House and in venture capital through Koor Corporate Venture Capital.
	['', 'holding company', ' ', 'investing company', '']
La Estrella Digital
	Operator of an e-newspaper. The company provides news on emerging markets, finance, international news, management, politics and technology.
	['', 'e-newspaper', ' ', 'emerging markets', ' politics']
Smartfundit
	Provider of financial products to technology buyers and sellers. The company provides asset finance, technology finance, venture capital finance, enterprise finance, public sector finance and online registration services.
	['', 'financial product', ' ', 'asset finance', ' ', 'venture capital finance', '']
Elevator Labs
	Provider of finance, technical and strategic guidance to start-ups.
	['', 'finance guide', ' ', 'business finance', '  ', 'strategic guidance', '']
Mint.com
	Provider of a free online personal finance service. The company\'s primary service allows users to track bank, credit card, investment, and loan transactions and balances through a single user interface.
	['', 'personal financial management', ' ', 'single user interface', '']
Ambiensis
	Provider of comprehensive development support for new sustainable technologies in the agricultural and environmental sectors. The company provides assistance to business propositions in the areas of finance, product and process development, marketing and business management.
	['environment', 'agricultural sector', ' ', 'process development', ' ', 'business management', '']
LearnVest
	Provider of interactive and educational articles and personal finance information on the web. The company provides checklists, financial tools, a set of financial basics and access to a collaborative community. It creates content based upon personal relevance, personal finance education and investing and savings trends.
	['', 'personal finance', ' ', 'educational article', ' ', 'personal finance education', ' ', 'financial tool', '']
PreEnroll
	Provider of online registration services.
	['', 'online registration', ' ', 'registration service', '  ', 'registration software', '']
eDEV
	Developer of drug. The company operates as a structured finance portfolio company developing an approved drug for three additional follow-on indications in collaboration with a pharmaceutical partner. eDev is a special purpose vehicle that has entered into an R&D project financing relationship with an undisclosed pharma company to finance multiple Phase 3 clinical trials for additional indications of an already-approved drug.
	['', 'Drug Developer', ' ', 'Finance Portfolio', '']
S&P Capital IQ
	Provider of information and technology services to the investment banking and corporate finance community. The company develops software analytics and tool sets for the corporate finance professional.
	['', 'investment banking', ' ', 'corporate finance', ' ', 'software analytic', '']
Rupeetalk.com
	Provider of personal finance portal. The company acts as a intermediary portal that provides personal finance product.
	['', 'personal finance portal', ' ', 'intermediary portal', ' ', 'personal finance product', '']
