Periness
	Operator of a biotechnology company focusing on addressing the problem of male infertility. The company’s product is a systemic protein-based drug for treatment of male sub-fertility.
	['', 'reproductive technology', ' idiopathic biopharmaceutical']
ZetaRx Biosciences
	Operator of biotechnology company. The company engages in the development of therapies for cancer and other diseases using genetically engineered lymphocites.
	['', 'cancer therapies', ' lymphocites genetically']
SemBioSys Genetics
	Developer of biotechnology solutions. The company focuses in the development stage of agricultural biotechnology that utilizes plant seed based oilbody and genetic expression technology platforms to develop high value proteins and oils and drug candidates in oil seed producing plant species.
	['', 'pharmaceuticals and biotechnology', ' ', 'agricultural biotechnology', ' ', 'life sciences', '']
Genizon BioSciences
	Operator of a biotechnology company. The company discovers genes and biomarkers in common diseases using genome wide association studies (GWAS), leveraging its technology platform and access to patients.
	['', 'genome studies', ' ', 'common diseases', ' biomarkers']
Epitome Biosystems
	Developer of technology to measure protein biomarkers and intracellular infrastruture. The company has developed a system using antibody microarrays to provide   measurement of protein biomarkers and intracellular signalling pathways.
	['', 'protein measurement', ' ', 'phosphorylation measurement', ' ', 'biological system', ' ', 'drug discovery', '']
Spectra Biomedical
	Operator of a biotechnology company focused on neurological conditions. The company provides research into the genetic basis of certain neurological conditions, including migraine headaches.
	['', 'biotech company', ' migraine ', 'genetic research', ' ', 'neurological condition', '']
Syntherix
	Operator of a biotechnology company. The company focuses in the invention of third generation cancer biomarkers using proteomics.
	['cancer biomarkers proteomics']
AnalytiCon Discovery
	Operator of a biotechnology firm that involves in drug discovery. The company maintains a library of purified natural products and semi-synthetic compounds derived from natural products.
	['', 'semi-synthetic compounds', ' ', 'natural product', ' ', 'small molecules', ' ', 'cosmetics industries', '']
Cellular Research
	Operator of a biotechnology research and development company. The company focuses on life science research by enabling investigation of single cells and limited samples.
	['', 'molecular indexing', ' ', 'single cell', ' ', 'biotechnology research', '']
The African Food Company
	Cultivator of organic bananas. The company focuses on providing organic bananas, aiming to generate solid financial returns in combination with delivering great social and environmental benefits.
	['plantation ', 'organic food', ' banana']
Virxsys
	Provider of a biotechnology company. The company provides technology for the development of gene and vaccine therapies for the treatment of HIV, cancer and genetic diseases.
	['', 'vaccine therapy', ' ', 'genetic disease', ' ', 'biotechnology company', '']
Anteo Diagnostics
	Operator of a biotechnology company. The company develops and commercializes specialized surfaces used in life sciences and the research and development of surfaces for specific binding of proteins.
	['', 'specific binding', ' Mix&Go ', 'life sciences', '']
