Paisley
	Provider of solutions for governance, risk and compliance (GRC). The company is the software vendor which provides solutions for financial controls management, internal audit, operational risk management, compliance, IT governance, and enterprise risk management.
	['audit ERM compliance ', 'IT governance', '']
Brabeion Software
	Provider of IT governance, risk, and compliance management software. The company offers Polaris Knowledgebase, a comprehensive knowledgebase of IT governance, risk, and compliance content.
	['', 'IT governance', ' ', 'compliance management', ' ', 'compliance content', '']
Neohapsis
	Provider of mobile and cloud security services. The company provides governance, risk and compliance products and services to address the risk management, regulatory and information protection needs of global enterprises and government agencies.
	['', 'compliance software', ' ', 'governance software', ' ', 'mobile security', '']
NewRiver
	Provider of innovative technology solutions that simplify investor disclosure, transparency and cost savings to the delivery of fund data and investor communications. The company pioneered the first electronic prospectus, and guarantee its data to be "compliance grade" which allows customers to reduce risk, lower compliance costs and increase revenues.
	['compliance ', 'summary prospectus', ' ', 'share class analysis', '']
Mavent
	Provider of an automated regulatory compliance solutions. The company offers Mavent Expert System, a knowledge-based system to enhance regulatory risk management for residential mortgage businesses; and automated compliance engines that analyze mortgage loan data for compliance with consumer protection laws and institutionally mandated compliance policies.
	['', 'regulatory compliance', ' ', 'knowledge based system', ' ', 'mortgage business', ' ', 'mortgage loan data', ' ', 'consumer protection law', ' ', 'compliance engine', '']
SignaCert
	Provider of partner-based information technology (IT) compliance solutions for organizations and government agencies in the United States. The company’s products detect, assess and provide the notifications of compliance issues; provide the whitelist measurements of commercially available and open source software. Its products enable IT organizations to prove compliance with standards and regulations.
	['', 'partner based IT', ' ', 'software whitelist measurement', ' ', 'standard compliance', ' ', 'compliance notification', ' ', 'prove compliance', ' ', 'regulation compliance', '']
TruSecure
	Provider of Internet security software. The company provides intelligent risk management and compliance products and services to improve security and reduce risk.
	['']
Nitrosecurity
	Developer of security information and compliance management solutions that protect business information and infrastructure. The company offers products, including NitroView Enterprise Security Manager, NitroView LogCaster, and NitroGuard.
	['', 'security information', ' ', 'business infrastructure', ' ', 'compliance management', ' ', 'analytical tool', ' ', 'data collection', ' ', 'event management', '']
Archer Technologies
	Provider of enterprise governance, risk, and compliance management software. The company provides policy management, threat management, asset management solutions and gain visibility into corporate risk and security controls.
	['', 'enterprise governance', ' ', 'compliance management software', ' ', 'software technology', '']
Rohati Systems
	Provider of internet networking solutions. The company provides agent-less access management, authentication and authorization, controlled collaboration, managing offshore risk, micro perimeters, secure administration, compliance and audit, and payment card industry council\'s data security standards compliance solutions. It offers Transaction Networking System, a network-based entitlement control platform, which enables entitlement control on a per-transaction basis for data center environments.
	['', 'networking solution', ' ', 'access management', ' ', 'controlled collaboration', ' ', 'secure administration', ' ', 'compliance solution', ' ', 'control platform', '']
Qubera Solutions
	Provider and designer of technology services for solving business related problems. The company offers technical expertise and strategic partnerships in the ares of identity and access management, governance, risk and compliance, directory and data services and portal and content management.
	['', 'access management', ' ', 'risk analysis', ' ', 'content management', '']
Polivec
	Provider of an integrated, corporate-wide, software suite for Governance, Risk Management and Compliance (GRC) solutions. The company enables corporations to manage risk, reduce cost, minimize complexity and protect their current investments.
	['', 'risk management', ' ', 'corporate governance', ' ', 'compliance software', ' ', 'policy enforcement', '']
Dynamic Change
	Developer of web-based performance management software tool. The company provides regulatory compliance, corporate governance, risk and performance management services to the healthcare market.
	['', 'compliance software', ' ', 'performance management software', ' ', 'corporate governance', '']
