SocialCast (Waltham)
	Provider of end-to-end social media services. The company provides a cloud-based platform for small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) to engage, manage, curate and measure the return on investment (ROI) of their social marketing activities.
	['', 'social media marketing', ' ', 'calculate ROI', ' ', 'social marketing activity', '']
Avtre
	Developer and supplier of back-up software for data and related services. The company offers customized data backup to individuals and small and medium-sized businesses. The company\'s product, Lockbee,, is a software that monitors and automatically creates backup data on new and changing directories and files.
	['', 'online backup', ' directories broadband ', 'back-up software', '']
ENSIS Management
	Investor in small and medium sized companies. The company invests in life sciences and technology sectors.
	['technology', 'life sciences', '']
Paperlit
	Provider of an online publishing platform for newspaper, magazine and catalog applications. The company enables publishers and advertisers to publish their newspapers, magazines and catalogs to mobile phones and web browsers. It serves small, medium and large publishers and advertisers.
	['', 'publishing platform', ' ', 'mobile content publishing', ' ', 'online publishing', '']
Quisic
	Provider of products and services which helps businesses train employees. The company engages in designing and developing online products to help professionals and businesses train their employees.
	['e-learning ', 'training tools', ' ', 'employee training', ' ', 'educational programs', ' ', 'educational software', ' ', 'educational tools', '']
ProStores
	Provider of e-business software for small and medium-sized businesses. The company also sets up, designs, markets and manages customizable virtual storefronts at their Internet domains.
	['', 'online shopping', ' ', 'online trade', ' ', 'e-business software', '']
BetterWorks (out of business)
	Provider of a platform designed to enable small and medium-sized businesses to engage, retain and reward employees.
	['', 'employee reward', ' ', 'employee engagement', ' ', 'employee retention', '']
Inboxer
	Provider of email archiving, electronic discovery and content monitoring systems. The company serves state and local governments, health care institutions and small and medium sized businesses.
	['', 'email archiving', ' ', 'content monitoring system', ' ', 'electronic discovery', ' ', 'email analysis', '']
Whaleback Managed Services
	Provider of an internet protocol telephony service and develops phone services for small and medium sized businesses. The company provides cloud based managed services for business communications.
	['', 'internet protocol telephony', ' ', 'telephony service', ' ', 'voice technology', '']
Verus Financial Management
	Provider of payment processing services to small and medium sized businesses. The company is a merchant services business specializing in credit card and cheque processing for small and medium-sized businesses (”SMEs”).
	['', 'merchant services', ' ', 'credit card processing', ' payroll ', 'payment processing services', '']
LogneX
	Provider of an online inventory management system. The company\'s software, MoySklad offers a new browser-based inventory management service for small and medium sized businesses that provides freedom of location and cost alternative to uphold daily communication, documentation and accounting.
	['', 'inventory management', ' warehouse documentation']
Code Square
	Provider of a mobile marketing platform to small and medium enterprises. The company allows businesses to leverage social engagement by rewarding customers for their loyalty. It also provides offline to online mobile services for businesses to engage and reward customers, connect via social media and lower acquisition costs.
	['', 'mobile platform', ' ', 'medium enterprise', ' ', 'customer reward', '']
NetComp Insurance
	Distributor of worker\'s compensation insurance. The company distributes insurance to small and medium sized businesses through independent agents.
	['', 'worker compensation', ' ', 'compensation insurance', ' ', 'insurance distribution', '']
Lettuce
	Developer of order management system for small and medium sized businesses. The company develops management system with a mobile sales application enabling user\'s business to capture, track and process orders anywhere in real time.
	['', 'order management system', ' ', 'mobile sales application', ' ', 'order capturing', ' ', 'order tracking', ' ', 'order processing', ' ', 'inventory management', ' ', 'order processing', '']
Yellow Brick Solutions
	Developer of marketing automation software. The company enables medium to large-sized business marketing professionals to communicate with customer over both on-line and off-line medium.
	['', 'marketing automation', ' ', 'data warehousing', ' ', 'database marketing', '']
