NowMedia
	Provider of an online platform for live video streaming of events. The company engages in developing an integrated broadcast media network in order to build location-centric mobile communities with live interactive content.
	['', 'online platform', ' ', 'live video streaming', ' ', 'broadcast media network', ' ', '3G phones', ' ', 'mobile communities', ' ', 'live interactive content', '']
Ahortech
	Provider of automatic traffic control services. The company also provides a wireless live video streaming transmission system for public and business sectors.
	['', 'automatic traffic control', ' ', 'video streaming', ' ', 'transmission system', '']
Talk Talk TV Store
	Provider of video streaming services. The company offers action, animation, comedy, crime, documentary, drama, family, fantasy, horror, indie, music, romance, sci-fi, seasonal, sport, thriller, war, western movies, shows and quizzes.
	['', 'digital video', ' ', 'feature film', ' ', 'television series', '']
Floobs
	Developer of a live video streaming platform. The company supports live video streaming from web cameras and digital video cameras.
	['', 'video streaming', ' ', 'live events', ' ', 'online sharing', '']
Betterfly
	Provider of a live video learning marketplace. The company\'s platform connects individuals with teachers, instructors and experts to help users learn a new skill or improve on something they already know.
	['', 'self-improvement', ' ', 'online lessons', ' ', 'video chat', ' lessons ', 'online tutoring', '']
Veebeam
	Developer of wireless technologies and products. The company provides software products for video streaming and designs hardware systems for consumer electronic device for the wireless streaming of HD audio or video content from laptop to television.
	['', 'wireless applications', ' ', 'video streaming software', ' ', 'wireless protocol software', '']
Redmere Technology
	Developer of cable semiconductor software. The company provides a power signal conditioning chip technology, which is embedded within the cable to create smart HDMI cables for consumer multimedia, gaming, home theater, mobile phone, digital video cameras or digital video still cameras and PC markets. It also provides VerifEye, cable manufacturing test platform that enables the rapid testing of cable technology based on MagnifEye chip technology.
	['', 'cable semiconductor', ' ', 'chip technology', ' ', 'conditional power signal', '']
Hantro
	Provider of mobile video technology. The company provides hardware and software based MPEG4, H.263, H.264 and VC-1 video software specifically tailored for handheld devices. The company\'s product portfolio also includes video applications for video capturing, playback, messaging, streaming and telephony.
	['', 'mobile video technology', ' MPEG4 ', 'video software', '']
Inlet Technologies
	Provider of encoding solutions. The company\'s products include Armada, a transcoding and encoding workflow system that eliminates the stove-pipes and manual steps; Spinnaker, a broadcast quality streaming solution; Fathom, an encoding platform for VC-1, Windows media, AVC, and flash files; and Semaphore, an automated quality control program for digital encoding. It provides its solutions for professional streaming, adaptive streaming, video-on-demand, IPTV, video on the Web, mobile video, reviewing dailies and rushes, broadband television, corporate communications and training, distance learning, and security and surveillance.
	['', 'encoding solution', ' ', 'encoding workflow system', ' ', 'encoding platform', '']
RipCode
	Provider of realtime transcoding software for video clips and streaming. The company supports live mobile video or video on-demand transcoding for mobile and user generated content applications. It enables video to be dynamically transcoded and served to a customer on any screen size as they request it, giving viewers an expansion of content choices while reducing an operator’s server hardware, storage and energy use.
	['transcode IPTV ', 'video on-demand', '']
W&W Communications
	Developer of video compression software and hardware solutions for video-enabled consumer, professional, enterprise, and infrastructure platforms. The company’s products are used for video conferencing and telepresence, live video broadcast, video surveillance, and mobile telephony infrastructure video transcoding.
	['', 'video compression software', ' ', 'video conferencing', ' ', 'video telepresence', ' ', 'live video broadcast', ' ', 'mobile telephony infrastructure', '']
A2 Media
	Provider of online video streaming services. The company\'s video aggregating service iStream provides an online content streaming platform where users can discover content across multiple genres like news, television shows and movies.
	['', 'video streaming', ' ', 'online video', ' ', 'video aggregating service', ' ', 'content streaming', '']
StoreVision
	Developer of POS monitoring systems. The company designs and develops software which combines live POS data with live CCTV video allowing auditors to create evidence based reports of process errors and fraudulent activity.
	['', 'evidence based reports', ' ', 'monitoring systems', ' ', 'error processing', '']
