Zebido.com
	Operator of an auction website.
	['auction']
Reverb Technologies
	Operator of an online dictionary website. The company operates a dictionary which offers information on words, as well as allows users to place their opinions about words.
	['', 'online dictionary', ' ', 'social content', ' ', 'dictionary website', '']
Atweb
	Provider of website maintenance and promotion service. The company offers two product lines - Web Site Garage and !Register-It!. Web Site Garage allows website owners to "park" their URL for a free seven point online website tune up and provides recommendations for improvement; while !Register-It! is a way for website owners to register their website with search engines and directories.
	['promotion communication ', 'Website promotion', '']
105 LOOKS
	Provider of a beauty-product website. The company offers a video-centric website that contains information related to fashion.
	['', 'beauty product', ' ', 'fashion information', ' ', 'beauty content', '']
PlanetRx
	Provider of online drugstore fulfillment. The website is an online drugstore where customers can find all the usual prescription products in their drugstore and order online.
	['', 'online drugstore', ' ', 'online drugstore', ' ', 'online store', '']
Vinetrade
	Provider of an online platform for building and managing wine portfolios. The company operates a website which allows people to trade directly with other investors and collectors of wines.
	['', 'online trading', ' ', 'online wine trading', ' ', 'wine collectors', ' ', 'online trading platform', '']
M2M Fashion
	Retailer of customized clothing and accessories. The company through its website sells men\'s personalized garments through an online self-surveying process.
	['', 'fashion accessories', ' ', 'personalized garments', ' ', 'customized clothing', ' ', 'self-surveying process', '']
Woo Media
	Operator of online dating website. The company\'s website allows to meet people online based on one\'s interests.
	['', 'online dating', ' ', 'social networking', '']
Spoondate
	Provider of a dating website for food-loving people. The company lets users share their tastes, talk about them, and meet others with similar taste profiles.
	['food taste similar ', 'online dating', '']
Sharewise
	Provider of an online finance community. The company\'s website acts as a share community for users seeking for in-depth information regarding stocks. The company\'s website also acts as a forum for users to share predictions and recommendations.
	['', 'online community', ' ', 'financial service community', ' ', 'share community', ' ', 'stock information', '']
OkCupid
	Provider of an online dating service and social-networking website. The company uses an algorithm-based system to evaluate user questionnaires and suggest compatible connections. The company was acquired by Match.com in February 2011.
	['', 'online dating', ', ', 'social networking', ', ', 'dating website', '']
Nerve.com
	Provider of online dating platform. The company offers online dating and social content. It provides online community for original, award-winning stories, features and photography, as well as discerning coverage of the films, television, books and music.
	['', 'social content', ' ', 'dating destination', ' coverage']
Pure people
	Operator of a celebrity magazine website. The company is a digital media group operating as a magazine dedicated to celebrities.
	['celebrity ', 'digital media', ' magazine']
