Signature Labs
	Developer of a mobile shopping assistant and shopping application. The company provides a way to make connections and share discoveries of new products and services.
	['', 'shopping assistant', ' ', 'shopping application', ' ', 'mobile shopping', ' ', 'product sharing', ' ', 'service sharing', '']
SocialStudio
	Developer of a mobile application. The company\'s application enables users to creates collaborative videos by compiling multiple videos into a single clip.
	['', 'video builder application', ' ', 'collaborative video', ' ', 'video making application', ' ', 'video platform', '']
Directr
	Provider of a mobile application for creating videos. The company\'s application provides users with the ability to create movies on their phones.
	['', 'video application', ' ', 'movie creation', ' ', 'video editing', ' ', 'mobile video', '']
Klip
	Developer of a mobile application. The company\'s application allows users to share videos with others.
	['', 'mobile video streaming', ' ', 'mobile video sharing', ' ', 'mobile video editing', ' ', 'mobile video platform', '']
Streamweaver
	Developer of multi-angle mobile video application. It allows users to record videos together with their friends. The videos can then be combined to show multiple angles simultaneously in a single split-screen video.
	['', 'mobile video application', ' ', 'multi angle video', ' ', 'split screen synchronicity', '']
FasterLighterBetter
	Provider of a tipping and appreciation services. The company\'s application allows fans a one-click option to support content authors in their work.
	['', 'IT Services', '']
Emerald Exam
	Developer of an exam administration software. The company\'s application offers paperless exams to address the many issues that arise with hand-written examinations and also prevents cheating.
	['', 'hand-written examinations', ' examination ', 'examination software', ' ', 'paperless exams', '']
Evertale
	Developer of mobile applications. The company provides an application that automatically logs user\'s activities through mobile devices and creates a scrapbook.
	['', 'user activity', ' ', 'scrapbook application', ' ', 'social application', '']
ReallyLateBooking
	Provider of a mobile application for last minute hotel bookings. The company\'s mobile application enables users to make reservations at hotels on the same day at a discounted deal.
	['', 'hotel bookings', ' ', 'discounted deal', ' ', 'last minute bookings', ' ', 'smartphone applications', '']
HopStop.com
	Developer of a mobile application for pedestrian-friendly directions and information. The company is the creator of a mobile application that provides door-to-door transit, walking, biking, taxi and hourly car-rental directions in more than 300 cities. It is available for mobile phones and tablets.
	['', 'driving software', ' ', 'driving application', ' ', 'location based software', ' ', 'subway directions', '']
ShopSavvy
	Developer of mobile shopping comparison application. The company develops a mobile application that allows consumers to scan UPC, EAN or QR barcodes to obtain in-store price comparisons and inventory information spanning local and online retailers.
	['', 'mobile shopping', ' ', 'shopping comparison', ' ', 'barcode scanner', ' ', 'mobile commerce', '']
Collective.li
	Developer of a multimedia social platform. The company offers a mobile application which enables users to uploaded images, videos and share in the form of a digital magazine.
	['', 'digital magazine', ' ', 'share photos', ' ', 'share videos', '']
TrustGo Mobile
	Developer of free mobile security application. The company\'s application provides virus protection to find and eradicate applications that can compromise user\'s personal data and privacy. It allows mobile device users to search, monitor, detect and prevent harmful applications and protect mobile devices.
	['', 'mobile security application', ' ', 'virus protection', ' ', 'personal data privacy', ' ', 'mobile device protection', ' ', 'melware detection', '']
Swarm
	Developer of a mobile application for retailers. The company\'s application enables brick and mortar retailers to engage with in store shoppers and provides shopper interaction analytics.
	['', 'retailer mobile-application', ' ', 'mobile shopping', ' ', 'price comparison', ' ', 'customer engagement', ' ', 'customer analytic', '']
SimpleHoney
	Provider of a mobile application. The company offers its users with an application to make their wish list of the places and things they wish for and  provide shopping packages accordingly.
	['', 'wish list', ' ', 'mobile product', ' ', 'mobile shooping application', '']
Brandfitters
	Developer of a mobile application connecting consumers with brands. The company connects consumers with brands when, how and where they want–giving the consumer a voice and control of the relationship and engagement level.
	['', 'consumer connectivity', ' ', 'customer relationship', ' ', 'consumer engagement application', '']
Atlanpix
	Operator of an instant messaging application for smartphones. The company offers an mobile application which enables users to meet people, send text messages, images, videos and audio messages.
	['', 'instant messaging', ' ', 'text messages', ' ', 'audio message', '']
SmartThings
	Provider of a platform that enables customers to install connected devices and control them through a single mobile application. The company provides a kit that allows everyday objects, such as light switches and door locks, to be controlled through a smartphone application.
	['', 'connected product platform', ' ', 'connect product', ' ', 'wireless control', ' ', 'wireless monitoring', ' ', 'online monitoring', ' ', 'online control', ' ', 'remote control', ' ', 'remote operation', ' ', 'remote monitoring', ' ', 'smart home', '']
Airseed
	Developer of a platform providing consumer data-focused tools, analytics and intelligence. The company has created a software platform that for developers provides rich intelligence and analytics on consumer users of the product. For consumers, the company provides a mobile application that automatically finds upcoming flights and enables simple flight checkins. The application also enables users to share travel itineraries with friends and family.
	['', 'developer platform', ' ', 'consumer data', ' ', 'software platform', '']
Rockpack
	Provider of a video-curation application. The company is the developer of a mobile application for video downloads, curating video content from around the Web and enabling users to create their own channels for receiving it.
	['', 'video curation application', ' ', 'video platform', ' ', 'curate video', ' ', 'share collection', '']
Todoroo
	Developer of an android application for preparing a social to-do list. The company\'s application allows its users to organize their goals and share ideas. It acts as a social productivity platform.
	['', 'android application', ' ', 'mobile application', ' ', 'productivity application', '']
