Verrillon
	Manufacturer of specialty optical fibers and components for oil and gas, military, avionics, industrial and communications market. The company offers harsh environment fibers, gyroscope fibers, communications fibers, fiber laser fibers, index multimode optical fibers, avionic cabled fiber, polarization-maintaining fibers and rare-earth doped fibers. It also provides fiber in metal tube, which is the process of encapsulating optical fibers within a hermetically sealed metal tube for protection against the hydrostatic pressures, high temperature effects and corrosive environments associated with down-hole fiber optic sensing applications.
	['', 'optical fiber', ' ', 'gyroscope fiber', ' ', 'communication fiber', ' ', 'fiber laser glass', '']
Callipso
	Provider of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) services through its private fiber-optic network. The company offers wholesale origination and termination services, as well as flat-rate long-distance services. It also offers a back office monitoring system that allows clients to track and monitor call traffic through a Web-based interface and computer applications that provide users with teleconferencing, call monitoring and real-time billing services.
	['', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'fiber optic network', ' ', 'termination service', ' ', 'call monitoring', '']
GWS Photonics
	Developer of tunable components. The company produces tunable components for fiber optic dense wavelength division multiplex systems.
	['', 'fiber optic', ' tunable ', 'laser application', '']
Photonics Applications
	Manufacturer of fiber-optic transmission technology for cable and wireless communications networks. The company also provide design, development and consulting services in fiber-optic transmission technology systems.
	['', 'fiber-optic transmission', ' ', 'wireless communication', ' technology']
Global Metro Networks
	Provider of building and fiber optic communications networks in metropolitan commerce centers in the United States and internationally. The company\'s bandwidth communications infrastructure connects various telecommunication-intensive locations, such as local switching offices, carrier points-of-presence, ISPs, commercial buildings and high technology office parks.
	['', 'fiber optic communication', ' ', 'fiber optic cable', ' ', 'fiber optic network', '']
Genesis Networks
	Provider of global video transmission services over fiber and satellite that leverage the cost and integration advantages of internet protocol (IP) technology. The company offers quality of service (QoS) parameters for video-over-IP  proprietary software system to give customers control of the network themselves.
	['', 'video transmission', ' ', 'internet protocol', '']
AOFR
	Developer of optical fiber component technology. The company manufactures fiber-optic components.
	['', 'optical fiber', ' ', 'fiber component', ' ', 'fiber technology', '']
Omnia Communications
	Manufacturer of integrated voice and data access multiplexers. The company transport solutions to deliver data efficiently over fiber optic networks.
	['', 'access multiplexers', ' ', 'integrated voice', ' ', 'fiber optic', ' network']
FTTH Communications
	Provider of facilities-based fiber optic network. The company provides video, telephone and ultra high-speed internet services to residential customers.
	['', 'fiber optic network', ' ', 'facility network', ' ', 'optic network', '']
LeveLite
	Provider of self-contained level switches. The company provides self-contained level switches as well as electro optic and fiber optic level systems. It also provides optic level systems that can be applied and installed.
	['', 'fiber optic', ' ', 'electronic optic', '']
FASMA Technologies
	Developer of a single-laser system for data transfer sector. The company has developed a single-laser system that compresses a large amount of computer data into one fiber optic with the help of multiple colors.
	['', 'data transfer', ' ', 'single laser system', ' ', 'data compression', ' ', 'fiber optic', '']
