Alinea Pharmaceuticals
	Develop of therapeutics for the treatment of diabetes and other metabolic disorders. The company also commercialize pharmaceuticals for the treatment of diabetes and related metabolic disorders.
	['', 'diabetes treatment therapeutic', ' ', 'metabolic disorder treatment', ' ', 'diabetes treatment pharmaceutical', '']
Cambridge Bioclinical
	Developer of treatments for common skin and hair disorders. The company develops therapies for hair loss, psoriasis, acne, eczema and other dermatological disorders. It is generating new technologies based on work done at the University of Cambridge. It has an assay for hair growth stimulants and is investigating new compounds for the treatment of male-pattern baldness.
	['', 'hair therapy', ' ', 'skin therapy', ' ', 'hair disorder', ' ', 'hair growth', ' ', 'growth stimulant', ' baldness haircare skincare']
superDimension
	Developer of minimally-invasive pulmonology devices that enable the diagnosis and potentially the treatment of distal lung disease. The company\'s products enable physicians to access peripheral lung lesions and mediastinal lymph nodes, provides tools to trace distal locations in the lungs and facilitates physicians with a reconstruction of the bronchial airways of the lungs.
	['pulmonology ', 'distal lung disease', ' ', 'lung disease', ' lung']
Endoart
	Developer of of telemetrically-controlled or remote controlled implants. The company also offers breast implant options for reconstructive and aesthetic breast surgery, and minimally invasive devices for obesity intervention treatment.
	['', 'breast implant', ' ', 'invasive devices', ' ', 'intervention treatment', ' ', 'healthcare devices', ' ', 'obesity control technology', '']
JetPrep
	Manufacturer and developer of flushing device to assist clinicians in endoscopy procedures. The company produces flushing devices for washing mucosal tissue in the gastrointestinal tract.
	['', 'flushing device', ' ', 'surgical device', ' endoscopy ', 'mucosal tissue', '']
Vecta
	Developer of drugs for gastrointestinal diseases. The company is a research and development based pharmaceutical company which develops and commercializes products for gastrointestinal diseases.
	['', 'gastrointestinal disease', ' ', 'pharmaceutical research', ' ', 'intestine disease', '']
C2Cure
	Manufacturer of cameras used for diagnosis and surgery purposes. The company develops disposable miniature viewing and operational devices for an array of heatlhcare markets, including diagnostic, endoscopic, imaging, and surgical.
	['', 'operational device', ' ', 'cardiac surgery', ' ', 'miniature device', ' ', 'surgery camera', ' ', 'surgical device', '']
Ester Neurosciences
	Developer of therapeutic products for the treatment of neurological disorders. The company provides novel therapeutic products for the treatment of neurological disorders such as myasthenia gravis, alzheimer disease, multiple sclerosis and acute stress reactions.
	['', 'therapeutic product', ' ', 'neurological disorder', ' ', 'disease treatment', '']
EndoNav
	Developer of endoscopic technologies. The company focuses on developing colonoscopic technologies for performing endoscopic procedures.
	['endoscopic colonoscopy ', 'endoscopic procedures', '']
Endonetics
	Developer of endoscopic devices for gastrointestinal disorders. The company develops minimally invasive devices for diagnosis and treatment of gastrointestinal disorders.
	['', 'gastrointestinal reflux', ' ', 'healthcare service', ' ', 'endoscopic technologies', '']
BioBehavioral Diagnostics
	Developer of diagnostic systems for the quantitative assessment of behavioral and neurobiological disorders. The company develops and markets a proprietary platform technology to objectively measure specific behaviors that correlate with brain function and deficits in inhibitory control.
	['', 'diagnostic system', ' ', 'neurobiological disorder', ' ', 'psychiatric condition', '']
