Interland
	Provider of web hosting services to small and medium sized businesses. The company provides web hosting, application hosting and other web-based business solutions.
	['', 'web hosting', ' ', 'application hosting', ' ', 'electronic commerce', '']
Bigstep.com
	Provider of hosting services for business and e-commerce Web sites. The company offers Web site design and promotion, marketing and reporting, e-commerce and customer support services, as well as communication tools.
	['', 'hosting service', ' ', 'website design', ' ', 'customer support service', '']
Multipath Networks
	Provider of wireless network services. The company provides services which include high-speed fixed wireless internet, network design, network administration, web site development, web hosting and tower construction.
	['', 'fixed wireless internet', ' ', 'network administration', ' ', 'web hosting', '']
Fluxus
	Designer of internet applications. The company provides website hosting and monitoring including database management, operation, application sharing and security management services.
	['', 'web hosting', ' ', 'internet application', ' ', 'database management', ' ', 'monitoring services', ' ', 'security services', '']
Agiliti
	Provider of information technology services. The company offers services that helps companies reduce costs, reduce risks and improve the reliability of their systems, networks and applications. It helps enterprises of all sizes achieve better IT performance through a modular suite of outsourced hosting and IT services.
	['', 'rentable software applications', ' ', 'hosting services', ' ', 'internet connection', ' ', 'enterprise hosting', '']
Extensity
	Provider of financial and operational solutions. The company operates in two segments, Enterprise Application Systems and Industry Specific Applications. It also resells computer hardware and software, and provides various professional services, including application hosting, consulting, implementation services, and training.
	['', 'enterprise application systems', ' ', 'application hosting', ' ', 'IT implementation', '']
Gravatar
	Provides hosting and web serving for 80x80 avatars.
	['Avatar ', 'content management system', ' ', 'blog software', ' ', 'web serving', '']
WebPartner
	Provider of web based services to online stores. The company\'s software enables business managers to monitor and benchmark the performance of their online stores. It also sells its application services to small to mid-sized businesses.
	['']
NetPodium
	Provider of software and services for hosting live, interactive Web events. The company\'s technology and event hosting service helped companies to involve global audiences in sales training, product launches, press conferences, technical briefings and customer seminars.
	['', 'web hosting', ' ', 'sales training', ' ', 'product launch', '']
GeoCities
	Provider of a web hosting service. The site allowes users to select a "city" in which to place their web pages and the "cities" are named after real cities or regions according to their content.
	['', 'web hosting service', ' ', 'web directory', ' ', 'internet archive', '']
HarvardNet
	Provider of broadband communication and content hosting services. The company\'s services include Web hosting and collocation services, business-class digital subscriber line (DSL) service and broadband virtual private network (VPN) solutions.
	['broadband VPN DSL']
Protie
	Provider of information technology enabled services. The company provides outsourcing, hosting and architecture services primarily to Finnish corporations.
	['', 'network services', ' hosting virtualization']
TuVox
	Provider of on demand speech and interactive voice response hosting applications. The company also offers on demand hosting, managed, design center, development and CTI integration, support and maintenance, and training services.
	['', 'demand speech', ' ', 'interactive voice application', ' ', 'voice response hosting', ' ', 'voice hosting application', '']
