Cloudmetrx
	Developer of real-time risk-return management technologies. The company provides real-time, cloud-based, mobile financial analytic services in the areas of portfolio management, risk analysis, and trading for asset management professionals.
	['', 'risk return management', ' ', 'financial analytic', ' fin-tech ', 'financial software', '']
Flotype
	Developer of real-time messaging technology. The company builds  developer-friendly technologies focused on ease-of-use and simplicity. It licenses its enterprise-grade middleware, Bridge, to customers ranging from social web and software enterprises to financial and fleet management groups. Other offerings include NowJS, a free, open-source framework, for developers seeking real-time interactivity on Node.js and JavaScript browsers; and NowCluster for companies seeking scalability for NowJS applications.
	['', 'real time messaging', ' ', 'real time communication', ' ', 'enterprise grade communication', '']
Realtime Technology
	Provider of three dimensional visualization technology. The company provides a technology platform enabling its clients to explore novel approaches toward real-time digital experience across all of a product\'s life cycle, from design and development to marketing and sales applications.
	['', 'dimensional visualization', ' ', 'three dimensional realtime', ' visualization']
Strongroom Solutions
	Provider of accounts payable and payment automation services for midsize companies. The company offers a software-as-a service platform, which enables real-time, secure invoice management and approvals for association managers and board members.
	['', 'automation services', ' ', 'payment automation', ' ', 'invoice management', '']
Koality
	Provider of a continuous integration platform that parallelizes test suites, prevents broken builds and works behind firewall. The company\'s platform automatically parallelizes test suite across available virtual machines, manages parallelization and which eliminates nondeterministic test results.
	['', 'integration platform', ' ', 'manage parallelization', ' ', 'development tool', '']
Ball-IT
	Provider of real-time wireless sensing solutions. The company is the provider of enabling devices and modules, as well as core software components for implementing consumer-level user interfaces. It sells its products through a worldwide network of senor and wireless-technology vendors.
	['', 'sensor technology', ' ', 'wireless sensor', ' ', 'user interface', '']
Decision Team - Software
	Developer and distributor of data-mining tools for workflow in the oil industry. The company is the provider of intelligent reservoir surveillance software called DECIDE!, which captures, analyzes and transforms historical and real-time production data into actionable operational decisions.
	['', 'data mining', ' ', 'E&P sector', ' ', 'oil industry', ' ', 'real-time data', '']
Armagent
	Developer of a software platform for artificial intelligence. The company provides real-time interactive environments for training, education and simulation of complex situations. Its software tools are used for simulation of physics, game development and rendering real-time graphics.
	['', 'Real-time simulation', ' ', 'Dynamic Path-finding', ' ', 'artificial intelligence', ' graphics']
Listiki
	Provider of an online real-time data services. The company creates and shares collaborative lists. It offers lists of favorite stuff, groceries shopping, games and songs.
	['groceries ', 'favorite stuff', ' collaborative']
E-glue Software Technologies
	Provider of real-time customer interaction management solutions. The company specialized in providing Real-Time Decisioning and Agent Guidance Solutions. The company offers InterAct suite, which performs information extraction from data source; InterAct executive suite, which enables users to set and communicate interaction management objectives based on business strategies; InterAct supervisor suite, which provides a view of interaction management performance from shift to shift; InterAct business expert suite, which is designed for the trained system user, and used to edit and input business rules to the system; and InterAct designer suite, which is used to create the base-level instructions for the decision engine.
	['', 'Customer Interaction Management Solutions', ' ', 'Agent Guidance Solutions', ' ', 'Call Center', '']
Tinkercad
	Provider of an interactive simulation environment by a supercomputer. The company enables design engineers and analysts to run fidelity simulations in real time while interacting with their model. The product is cloud based with a browser interface.
	['', 'interactive simulation environment', ' ', 'fidelity simulation', ' ', 'browser interface', '']
Guide Technology
	Developer of continuous time interval analyzer and high-precision frequency counter instruments. The company supplies production-scale CTIA-based timing measurement services, allowing semiconductor manufacturers to minimize timing-related failures and to reduce production test costs through test-time reduction and extending their ATE lifecycles.
	['', 'time interval analyzer', ' ', 'frequency counter instrument', ' ', 'semiconductor support', ' ', 'information technology', '']
PassMark Security
	Developer of authentication systems for online banking. The company\'s authentication platform is focused on automated Two-Factor Two-Way Authentication(TM). They offers complete front-to-back system that exceeds FFIEC guidelines with its real-time risk-based analytics, layered security, shared fraud data network, multi-model decision engine, and automated supplemental authentication.
	['authentication ', 'layered security', ' ', 'automated supplemental authentication', '']
FlowSense
	Developer of urine monitoring system. The company enables real-time, continuous monitoring of urine output for the optimization of fluid management and acute renal care. The company\'s product provides clinicians with early assessment of fluid balance and renal condition which can improve patient outcomes.
	['', 'urine monitoring', ' ', 'fluid management', ' ', 'renal care', ' urine']
Shepherd Intelligent Systems
	Provider of real-time fleet management software services. The company offers a suite of software tools that provide real-time vehicle locations, predicted arrival times and route management analyses by using real-time GPS data to passengers and managers of public transportation and municipal systems.
	['', 'fleet management', ' ', 'software solution', ' ', 'route management', ' ', 'municipal system', '']
Wellness Indicators
	Provider of a wellness screening test. The company develops and manufactures a dry urinary wellness test strip called The Health EquaterTM Assessment Profile t. The test is a first-to-market test screening for such biomarkers as oxidative stress, low-grade inflammation and total antioxidant capacity, which indicate levels of wellness. The product has applications for employers, insurers and governments.
	['', 'wellness assessment', ' ', 'urinary wellness strips', ' ', 'test strips', ' wellness']
HStreaming
	Provides of services and consulting for real time data streaming and processing. The company\'s technology delivers performance to companies, academia and governments with data and low-latency requirements.
	['', 'data streaming', ' ', 'data processing', ' ', 'online data', '']
Pop Tip
	Developer of real time social feedback tool. The company develop brands, publishers and people analyze crowd conversation by making social data actionable. It also has its own dashboard that lets brands ask questions that are posted directly to Twitter. There is a front-end dashboard that can be seen by all followers to track the results of a poll they’ve participated in, while there’s a back-end dashboard catered to the brands, who can watch the answers come in real time.
	['', 'publisher conversation', ' ', 'social data', ' ', 'crowd conversation', '']
Coderloop
	Provider of real-time coding assessment platform.
	['', 'automated code evaluation', ' ', 'real time coding', ' ', 'puzzle solving', ' ', 'coder community', '']
Pintail Technologies
	Developer of real-time adaptive test technology for semiconductor manufacturing companies. The company offers SwifTest, an on-line adaptive test modules that run directly on the automated test equipment (ATE), and capture and analyze data in real-time; and TestScape, an optional database system, which accepts data in real-time from SwifTest and supports various data management applications.
	['', 'adaptive test technology', ' ', 'online adaptive test', ' ', 'database system', ' ', 'data management application', '']
System Management ARTS
	Provider of innovative real-time analysis software that ensures the availability and peak performance of network-dependent information systems. The company is focused to pinpoint the root cause of network problems.
	['', 'software solutions', '']
Kontexto
	Developer of software and services that acquire, analyze and visualize streaming real time data. The company offers publish-flow services that allow digital executives, editors, Web producers and analysts to monitor content viewing trends on their own Websites and content publishing trends on various public Websites and tag-cert, a cookie auditing and monitoring service for corporate, government, e-commerce and media organizations, which helps users to avoid various legal hazards introduced by a changing regulatory environment.
	['', 'streaming real data', ' ', 'cookie auditing', ' ', 'news monitoring', ' ', 'real time data', '']
Quantason
	Provider of bi-modal technology. The company\'s technology expands the capabilities of conventional ultrasound systems by combining anatomical 2D imaging with proprietary real-time acoustic stimulation paradigms to image, detect, locate in 3D and classify micron-size targets.
	['', 'bi-modal technology', ' ultrasound ', 'drug delivery', ' ', 'breast cancer screening', ' ', 'ultrasound technology', ' diagnostic']
WorkSimple
	Provider of on demand enterprise messaging platform. The company provides an online goal communication and performance management solution that helps small and medium businesses to create an engaging and collaborative work environment. Its goal management platform for employees includes real-time goal management, 360-degree performance reviews, real-time commitment management, recognition, informal learning, workgroups, and employee profiles.
	['', 'messaging platform', ' ', 'online goal communication', ' ', 'performance management', ' ', 'management solution', ' ', 'management platform', ' ', 'employee profile', '']
ParStream
	Developer of real-time database technology. The company\'s platform helps companies generate timely, actionable insights from IoT data by providing new and differentiated ways to analyze streaming and historical data.
	['', 'graphic processing unit', ' ', 'hybrid network architecture', ' ', 'web analytics', ' ', 'real time', '']
Celebrus Technologies
	Provider of customer intelligence tracking. The company is the creator of tag-free software enabling businesses to analyze customer interactions with their digital channels in real time. The technology is designed to build a complete picture of individual customers, and using the data to drive real-time personalization, one-to-one communications, cross-channel marketing, campaign optimization and fraud detection.
	['', 'customer analytics', ' SaaS ', 'intelligence tracking', '']
ShieldArc
	Developer of a security platform that monitors cloud applications. The company\'s platform enables enterprises to protect their cloud asset without impacting end-user experience in without involving IT operations. The platform also provides tools for real-time monitoring and remediation.
	['', 'security platform', ' ', 'cloud application', ' ', 'public platform', '']
Leftronic
	Provider of a real time data visualization and status monitoring platform. The company develops a software which helps users to monitor metrics in real time through online business dashboards.
	['', 'data visualization', ' ', 'status monitoring', ' ', 'business dashboard', '']
Luminate Software
	Provider of internet-based systems management platform. The company offers Mamba, a real-time monitoring and alerting software; and Luminate.Net, an automatic problem identification service delivered over the internet.
	['', 'real time software', ' ', 'problem identification service', ' ', 'internet based management', '']
TurbiSense
	Provider of in-line real time turbidity measurement equipment for the pharmaceutical industry and related applications. The company\'s equipment assists in accurately measuring liquids with air bubbles.
	['pharmaceutical ', 'turbidity measurement', ' robot']
ART Healthcare
	Developer of tube-feeding technology for the heatlhcare sector. The company is creating a new technology for enteral nourishment of patients. The system includes physiological monitoring and real-time prevention of aspiration pneumonia.
	['', 'physiological monitoring', ' ', 'enteral feeding', ' enteral ', 'tube feeding', '']
