Energy Response
	Provider of advisory services that facilitates the buying and selling of energy. The company provides strategic advice relating to market development and reform, market access, transmission, distribution and retail issues, regulation issues, competition policy, governance arrangements, legislative and institutional arrangements and user participation issues.
	['', 'electricity market', ' ', 'price risk management', ' ', 'network support', ' ', 'electricity distribution', '']
Pelamis Wave Power
	Manufacturer of systems to generate renewable electricity from ocean waves. The company offers wave energy converter, a semi-submerged and articulated structure composed of cylindrical sections linked by hinged joints. It also assists project developers and electricity generators in developing, constructing, and operating power projects.
	['', 'renewable electricity', ' ', 'ocean wave', ' ', 'wave energy converter', ' ', 'articulated structure', ' ', 'hinged joint', ' ', 'power project', '']
Weyland
	Producer of renewable energy. The company provides a technology that helps in producing bio ethanol from agricultural wastes and forestry residues.
	['', 'energy production', '']
Nidecon Technologies
	Designer and manufacturer of power-quality filtering technology for renewable energy and motor drives. The company creates its products based on a proprietary inductive design concept enabling it to reduce filter sizes. In addition, its products utilize integrated liquid cooling and forced-air cooling technologies.
	['', 'filtering products', ' ', 'inductive components', ' ', 'motor products', ' ', 'energy products', ' filters']
JEN Holdings
	Provider of an electrical energy in local area. The company provides the facility of production, supply and sale of electric power and steam for local user like industries and electric power suppliers by utilizing Eco-friendly and renewable electricity sources.
	['', 'electrical energy', ' ', 'renewable electricity', ' ', 'electric power', '']
Gen110
	Provider of alternative way for heavy energy users to purchase residential power. The company provides customers with generators for no installation or upgradation fees, then customers pay for the electricity at a guaranteed rate.
	['', 'residential power', ' ', 'energy user', ' ', 'utility rate', ' ', 'distributed energy', '']
Groupe J.L. Leclerc
	Manufacturer and designer of industrial products for power and transportation industries. The company serves the markets for energy and transport. It has developed its own equipment designed for the maintenance and installation of electric lines.
	['', 'industrial products', ' ', 'power and transportation', ' ', 'electric lines', ' ', 'equipment design', '']
Bionersis
	Operator of renewable energy services. The company engaged in conception, financing, installation, and the operation of landfill biogas units. It also helps in reduction of greenhouse gases effects.
	['', 'renewable energy', ' ', 'landfill biogas', ' greenhouse']
Enermetrix
	Provider of real- time transaction - processing environment in which utilities, traders and marketers, service companies, commercial and industrial users buy and sell energy. The company provide internet commerce system that allows energy consumers, energy suppliers and utilities to share information.
	['', 'online energy trading', ' ', 'energy markets', ' ', 'energy sellers', ' ', 'energy buyers', ' ', 'energy software solutions', '']
Reactive NanoTechnologies
	Developer of products to control the instantaneous release of heat energy for advanced joining applications. The company also provides process for bonding components to bond sputter targets and in electronics assembly applications.
	['', 'control heat', ' ', 'electronics assembly', ' ', 'bonding component', ' ', 'bond sputter target', ' ', 'commercial products', '']
Vigor Renewables
	Developer of renewable-power facilities in the U.K. The company works with property holders and commercial enterprises to develop and operate sustainable energy projects, including those utilizing solar and wind power.
	['', 'renewable energy equipment', ' ', 'power generation projects', '']
Grupo Guascor
	Provider of energy solutions based on renewable energy. The company develops and manufactures technologies to harness energy from renewable sources such as wind, solar, bio-energy and hydel power. The company focuses on production of cells, modules and other components, offering turnkey market as well as the promotion, operation and maintenance of residential and industrial energy facilities.
	['', 'energy solutions', ' ', 'bio-energy', ' ', 'renewable energy', ' ', 'photovoltaic systems', ' ', 'turnkey projects', '']
Episol
	Developer of solar thermal products for production renewable energy. The company offers installation services and other thermal products for generation of electricity in an ecological way.
	['', 'solar collectors', ' ', 'energy consumption', ' ', 'renewable energy source', ' ', 'solar photovoltaic', ' ', 'wind energy', '']
Fat Spaniel Technologies
	Provider of monitoring and reporting services for the renewable energy industry. The company also provides lifecycle management services. It offers Fat Spaniel Insight Manager, a Web portal for building, sharing and running energy data applications.
	['', 'monitoring service', ' ', 'lifecycle management', ' ', 'energy data application', ' ', 'systems monitoring', '']
Skystream Markets
	Provider of platform for the renewable energy and environmental markets. The company\'s markets is focused on creating price discovery, concentrating liquidity and improving trade execution quality.
	['', 'renewable energy', ' ', 'quality improvement', ' ', 'liquidity concentration', '']
EEStor
	Developer and Manufacturer of Electrical Energy Storage Unit. The company designs, develops and manufactures energy density storage devices and capacitors.
	['', 'energy storage device', ' ', 'electrical energy storage', ' ', 'capacitor', ' ', 'ultra capacitor', '']
Ventus Energy
	Developer of wind farms to produce energy. The company is currently in the process of planning and developing 25 sites in Ontario, Quebec, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and Newfoundland with the potential for over 5,000 Megawatts of power.
	['', 'produce energy', ' ', 'wind farm', ' ', 'alternative energy', '']
Energy Informatics
	Developer of software for management of distributed energy resources. The company provides cloud services for management of solar photovoltaic facilities ranging in size from small residential rooftop systems to multi-megawatt utility-scale power plants.
	['', 'energy product', ' ', 'rooftop system', ' ', 'power plant', ' ', 'solar photovoltaic', ' ', 'asset management', '']
Sun Catalytix
	Developer of technology for use in energy storage and renewable fuels. The company generates renewable energy supply from sunlight and water. It develops new earth abundant materials for energy conversion processes.
	['', 'energy storage technology', ' ', 'renewable fuel', ' ', 'renewable energy', '']
Hydrovolts
	Provider of hydropower technology. The company produces hydrokinetic turbines for renewable energy generation.
	['', 'hydropower technology', ' ', 'renewable energy generation', ' ', 'hydrokinetic turbine', ' hydropower']
Airxchange
	Manufacturer of energy recovery ventilation products and components. The company offers energy recovery ventilators, integrated packages, air handler options, wall mounts and packaged units. The company also provides field replacement services.
	['', 'energy recovery', ' ', 'energy recovery ventilation', ' ', 'recovery ventilator', ' ', 'air handler', ' ', 'wall mount', '']
Greenbox Technology
	Provider of Web-based energy management solutions for the utilities and residential energy customers. The company\'s platform enables its customers to track, compare, and manage energy usage, as well as engages them in energy efficiency, demand response, alternative and renewable energy, and carbon reduction activities.
	['', 'energy management', ' ', 'energy utility', ' ', 'energy usage', ' ', 'energy efficiency', ' ', 'carbon reduction', '']
