Scope e-Knowledge Center
	Provider of remote knowledge services. The company offers master data management services, including domain expertise, customer data integration, assisted automation software and workflow process.
	['', 'remote knowledge', ' ', 'master data management', ' ', 'automation software', '']
Exeros
	Operator of a data relationship discovery and management company. The company offers solutions for data integration projects, including data migration, sensitive data governance, master data management, and ETL migration.
	['', 'data relationship discovery', ' ', 'data integration', ' ', 'data migration', '']
Data Marketplace
	Operator of an online marketplace for data. The company provides a platform linking people seeking data with those who specialize in collecting, cleaning and analyzing data. Users place a request, and providers upload it to the site, provide descriptive metadata and set a price for it. The stored metadata is used to help consumers find relevant data through traditional search engines and when browsing the marketplace.
	['', 'online marketplace', ' ', 'payment processing', ' ', 'file conversion', ' whitelabel ', 'branded storefront', '']
Mimosa Systems
	Provider of immediacy, discovery and continuity for the new generation of critical enterprise information. The company is focused on data management of unstructured and semi-structured information including email, documents and other new data types.
	['', 'critical information', ' ', 'enterprise information', ' ', 'corporate information', '']
Health Market Science
	Provider of data integration and analytic software for the health care industry. The company supplies data on healthcare professionals and operates a practitioner-level medical claims database in the U.S. Its data assets also help its clients deal with government compliance, reduce operational costs and more.
	['', 'federal compliance', ' ', 'healthcare information', ' ', 'federal regulation compliance', ' ', 'customer data validation', '']
Human Inference
	Provider of data management services. The company provides data management services for customer databases. It offers human inference to address data life cycle and also provides customer data services.
	['', 'data management', ' ', 'human inference', ' ', 'customer database', '']
Vhayu Technologies
	Provider of market data solutions for the capture and analysis of streaming and historical data to financial institutions. The company combines software and hardware to provide advantages to financial firms that are seeking to increase their trading speed.
	['data analysis ', 'data analysis', ' financial ', 'financial data', '']
Pattern Insight (Log Insight)
	Provider of cloud log analytic platform. The company provides a data management and search platform.
	['', 'log analysis platform', ' ', 'data management', ' ', 'data search', ' ', 'cloud log analysis', ' ', 'big data', '']
Gnip
	Provider of an on-demand messaging platform for integrating social and business data. The company\'s platform enables to access, filter and integrate the Web\'s data that companies use as the basis for providing compelling business and social applications. It also provides push API service that enables the companies to identify opportunities to move inefficient and repetitive API and Website traffic to a more efficient push based approach.
	['', 'messaging platform', ' ', 'consumer application', ' ', 'social media integration', '']
Spotfire
	Provider of interactive, visual data analytics applications and services. The company\'s analytic application, offers an interactive, visual approach to data analysis that empowers individuals to see trends, patterns, outliers and unanticipated relationships in data.
	['', 'data analysis', ' ', 'visual data analytics', ' ', 'analytics application', '']
Viathan
	Developer of technology that helps companies manage data. The company\'s storage virtualization software provides data management platforms for use by companies and e-commerce vendors alike.
	['', 'internet application', ' ', 'data storage', ' ', 'database management', '']
Initiate Systems
	Provider of master data management software services for organizations. The company offers customer data integration and enterprise master person index software to financial service providers, information exchange, hospitality, manufacturing and retail industries.
	['', 'data management', ' ', 'financial service', ' ', 'healthcare provider', ' ', 'retail industry', ' ', 'delivery network', '']
Alpharel
	Developer of data-management systems.The company develops multi-terabyte engineering-data systems.
	['', 'data management', ' ', 'engineering data', ' multi-terabyte']
FTAPI Software
	Provider of software for the secure transmission and storage of data. The company\'s data space allows location-independent and share access to files and replace FTP server through a data exchange option.
	['', 'data transmission', ' ', 'data storage', ' ', 'file sharing', ' ', 'data exchange', '']
Queplix
	Developer of information access solutions for retail, manufacturing, telecommunications, energy, software, and healthcare sectors. The company offers QueCloud, which enables customers to extract structured data, business logics, and security access controls, as well as publish cloud-ready J2EE applications to private or public cloud infrastructures; Virtual Data Manager platform that enables users to migrate data from one application to another; and QueSearch for information access and productivity in areas, such as customer care, legal e-discovery, channel partner tools, and Web self-service, as well as Application Software Blades that enable Virtual Data Manager platform to connect to various source applications and data.
	['', 'information access', ' ', 'data extraction', ' ', 'business logic', ' ', 'data security', ' ', 'data manager', ' ', 'virtual data', ' ', 'cloud infrastructure', '']
InfiniDB
	Provider of analytic database software for information processing applications. The company provides data warehouse storage engine for analytical data, analytical workloads and analytical data volumes. It also offers support services for the implementation of data warehouse.
	['', 'analytic database software', ' ', 'storage engine', ' warehousing']
CyberSynchs
	Provider of data synchronization services. The company\'s products provide data backup, data transmission and video streaming over the internet across independent devices and operating systems.
	['', 'data synchronization', ' ', 'video streaming', ' ', 'wireless synchronization', ' ', 'digital content', ' ', 'data transmission', '']
Alditech
	Manufacturer of silicon-based heads for multimedia tape recordings. The company\'s products had applications for the reproduction sector as well as data storage and digital videos.
	['', 'tape recording', ' ', 'tape drive', ' ', 'digital video', ' components']
Membase
	Provider of elastic NoSQL database technologies. The company offers Membase Server, a distributed key-value database for the data management needs of interactive Web applications, which employs a non-relational data model and allows the data tier to scale out the Web application logic tier by adding various commodity servers; and Memcached, a distributed data caching technology that transparently caches data in front of its key-value database.
	['', 'database technology', ' ', 'database management', ' ', 'database application', '']
640 Labs
	Developer of an open big data platform for agriculture. The company offers 640 Drive, a device to automatically collect and aggregate agricultural data across farming operations.
	['', 'data aggregation', ' ', 'farming operation', ' ', 'agricultural data', ' ', 'big data platform', '']
DataCenter Technologies
	Provider of data management software that helps to migrate and protect data. The company\'s solution enables customers to clasify data, simulate data management operations and copy or move data between storage tiers.
	['', 'data management software', ' ', 'protect data', ' operations']
Archive (Storage (IT))
	Manufacturer of streaming tape drives. The company\'s products are used as backup storage devices to protect against the loss of data in the event of drive malfunction or user error, as well as for archival storage, data interchange and software loading.
	['', 'tape drive', ' ', 'computer storage', ' ', 'archive storage', ' minicomputer archive ', 'storage device', ' tape']
Datahero
	Provider of a platform that helps users to analyze, visualize and understand data. The company offers data analysis tools for users to import internal data, store it in a spreadsheet format, link multiple sources and create data dashboards to track various types of information.
	['', 'data analysis tool', ' ', 'database platform', ' ', 'data dashboard', '']
ENQIO Holding
	Provider of software for in-depth analyses of company data. The company allows management to calculate risks in a timely fashion and make informed, corporate decisions. It is primarily focused on the telecom, financial, public and media sectors.
	['', 'data analyses', ' ', 'decision making', ' ', 'risk calculation', '']
Bus-Tech
	Provider of VTL (virtual tape library) products that utilizes open systems disk storage to store and retrieve mainframe tape data. The company provides connectivity products for the data center to equipment manufacturers.
	['adapter bandwidth ', 'Virtual Tape Library', ' ', 'disk storage', '']
LightMiner Systems
	Provider of data management systems. The company offers an appliance that is designed by integrating different software and hardware architecture for data analysis.
	['', 'data processing', ' ', 'data management system', ' ', 'hardware architecture', '']
AdMobius
	Provider of a mobile audience management platform. The company combines data from publishers, from advertiser networks and other aggregators and from third-party data sellers.
	['', 'mobile audience management', ' ', 'advertiser network', ' ', 'demand side platform', ' ', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'mobile data', ' ', 'mobile data aggregation', '']
Evident Software
	Operator of a data relationship discovery and management company. The company offers services for data integration projects, including data migration, sensitive data governance, master data management and ETL migration.
	['', 'data migration', ' ', 'data relationship discovery', ' ', 'data lineage', '']
ClearWater Data
	Provider of services addressing the challenges of dealing with massive data flow volumes. The company provides a data-centric architecture enabling the ingestion of billions of daily transactions.
	['', 'software development', ' ', 'data flow management', ' ', 'data-centric architecture', '']
ITA Inverse Theory & Applications
	Developer of software specializing in interactive, workstation-based approaches to the processing of geophysical data. The company offers geophysical software, systems, processing, and research worldwide.
	['', 'geophysical data', ' ', 'software development', '']
