Cedar Point Communications
	Provider of integrated voice over Internet protocol and multimedia switching technologies for the service provider and enterprise telecommunication industries. The company\'s products include SAFARI C3, a media switching system, which delivers Internet protocol multimedia subsystem (IMS) capabilities that support the anticipated migration to IMS architecture for converged networks; and SAFARI eMG, a media gateway that delivers flexibility. It also also provides training, customer, and solution services. Cedar Point Communications serves information technology departments and network operators, cable operators and telecommunications carriers, and enterprise customers and educational institutions.
	['', 'voice over Internet protocol', ' ', 'switching technology', ' ', 'switching system', '']
Zhone Technologies
	Designer, developer and manufacturer of telecommunications equipment. The company provides international clients in the single line multi-service (SLMS) architecture business the ability to provide voice and video over internet protocol (VoIP).
	['', 'telecommunications equipment', ' ', 'single line multi-service', ' ', 'voice over internet protocol', '']
Tiscali Telecom
	Provider of internet services. The company provides broadband and narrow band internet services in France.
	['', 'internet service', ' ', 'broadband service', ' ', 'narrow band internet', '']
Orchestream
	Provider of service activation and performance management software to global telecommunications network operators. The company\'s product, Orchestream Service Activator, enables managers of large scale Internet protocol and broadband networks to automate the configuration tasks associated with network management and service activation.
	['', 'performance management', ' ', 'global telecommunication', ' ', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'broadband network', '']
Redstone Communications
	Developer of networking equipments and market service provider solutions that address the scalability, performance, reliability and quality of service issues associated with the transformation of the public Internet. The company\'s products include edge routers, which enable internet service providers to support multiple services.
	['', 'networking equipments', ' ', 'internet service providers', ' ', 'edge routers', '']
MetraTech
	Provider of web based services for billing, customer self care and partner management. The company\'s applications include mobile virtual network operator, internet protocol television, conferencing and collaboration, voice over Internet protocol, Internet service provider, messaging, utility computing and airports.
	['', 'online billing', ' ', 'partner management', ' ', 'business collaboration', '']
Telovations
	Provider of voice over Internet protocol communications services. The company\'s services feature applications, such as hosted phone systems, remote office, fax to email, find me or follow me, branch office networking, unified messaging, conference calls and collaboration, disaster redirect, email and broadband Internet, Microsoft integration toolbar, auto-attendant options, receptionist console and messages on hold.
	['', 'Internet protocol communication', ' ', 'hosted phone system', ' ', 'branch office networking', ' ', 'disaster redirect', ' ', 'remote office', ' ', 'conference calls', ' ', 'broadband Internet service', '']
MaxComm Technologies
	Developer of in-home LAN products, based on DSL-related technology. The company provides broadband internet technology that brings data and multiple voice lines to consumers.
	['telecommunications ', 'Internet technology', '']
ConteXtream
	Operator of a software-defined-networking (SDN) company. The company is a provider of carrier-grade network visualization technology. Deployed by Tier-1 operators, the company\'s Carrier-SDN elastically connects subscribers to services and enables carriers to leverage standard server hardware and hypervisors to virtualize functions and services, while replacing purpose-built proprietary systems.
	['', 'routing service', ' ', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'internet broadband', '']
CarrierChoice
	Provider of procurement services for digital communications. The company works with enterprise clients in sourcing and buying data, Internet, hosting and voice services, using proprietary technology reinforced through vendor-neutral support.
	['', 'Internet services', ' ', 'telecommunications services', ' ', 'data services', '']
Clarent
	Provider of networked internet telephony services for long distance phone calling service providers. The company enables service providers to deliver simultaneous transmission of voice, fax and data over internet protocol network.
	['VoIP ', 'communication service', ' ', 'internet telephony', '']
Northchurch Communications
	Developer of a service router for the creation of customized internet protocol services. The company provides next-generation edge access platforms for delivering IP-based services.
	['', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'service router', ' ', 'networking service', '']
Nissi Media
	Provider of an internet telecommunication platform. The company provides an integrated and scalable platform to telecommunications carriers, internet service providers and other telecommunication service providers which enables them to provide their users a wide range functions.
	['', 'internet telecommunication', ' ', 'integrated platform', ' ', 'internet service', '']
CopperCom
	Provider of switching solutions for independent operating companies, competitive local exchange carriers and Internet service providers. The company makes software-based switches or softswitches and other products that enable advanced services such as voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP).
	['', 'switching solution', ' ', 'internet service providers', ' ', 'software-based switches', ' softswitches ', 'voice over internet protocol', '']
Allot Communications
	Provider of broadband-optimization services. The company provides Internet protocol (IP) service optimization for wireless and mobile broadband carriers, cable-service providers and enterprises.
	['', 'broadband service', ' ', 'internet protocol service', ' ', 'optimization services', ' ', 'information technology services', '']
TradingCom
	Operator and provider of telecommunications and internet services. The company providers telecommunications networking and Internet Protocol carrier platform.
	['', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'bandwidth service', ' ', 'internet service', '']
