Buysight
	Provider of search engine marketing platform for display advertising. The company provides services for both brand and performance advertisers and has developed an online display advertising network called ShopperConnecta for online e-commerce shopping market.
	['', 'brand advertising', ' ', 'marketing platform', ' ', 'display advertising', '']
Efficient Frontier
	Owner and operator of digital performance marketing company that manages search and display optimization for marketers. The company also provides search engine optimization solutions.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'performance marketing', ' ', 'search optimization', ' ', 'display optimization', '']
Trada
	Provider of pay per click advertising marketplace and crowdsourced search engine marketing services. The company has developed a pay per click marketplace that allows agencies and in-house advertisers to leverage the skills, who in turn earn risk free money by generating clicks and conversions for advertisers.
	['', 'online advertising', ' ', 'advertising marketplace', ' ', 'online marketing', ' ', 'crowdsource marketing', '']
New Media Gateway
	Provider of web-based enterprise marketing services. The company\'s marketing services include search engine marketing, marketing analytics, creative design, email marketing, and serves the agency, franchise, financial, energy, healthcare and insurance industries.
	['', 'marketing software', ' ', 'enterprise marketing', '']
Eurekster
	Provider of social search software services and technologies. The company\'s search portal and widget harness the knowledge and behavior of online communities to improve the search experience and creating online assets for Web publishers, infopreneurs and advertising inventory for marketers.
	['', 'social search software', ' ', 'online community', ' ', 'customized search', '']
Hurra Communications
	Provider of integrated online marketing services. The company provides products and services on the subjects of search engine and dialogue marketing. The services provided by the company include search engine advertising, search engine optimization, conversation optimization, web analytics, performance display advertising and Facebook advertising.
	['', 'search engine advertising', ' ', 'conversation optimization', ' ', 'web analytics', ' ', 'performance display advertising', ' ', 'integrated online marketing', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
FullSpeed
	Provider of an internet consulting and advertising service. The company provides listing advertising and search engine marketing services along with keyword selection, bid price adjusting, copywriting and other allied services.
	['', 'website rank', ' ', 'internet marketing', ' ', 'advertising spots', '']
Authenticlick
	Operator of a web analytics company. The company specializes in web traffic intelligence services for online advertising optimization. It provides pay-per-click advertising audit and fraud detection technology and offers various services like identifying, verifying, documenting, scoring low quality click activity and helping to secure equitable refunds and credits.
	['', 'campaign services', ' ', 'web analytic', ' ', 'ROI optimization', '']
LVL7 Systems
	Provider of software solutions to modern businesses. The company offers web design and development, Internet marketing, content management, search engine optimization, domain hosting, and e-commerce solutions.
	['software application ', 'web design', ' marketing Internet ', 'search engine', ' domain hosting ', 'e-commerce', '']
Goby Technologies
	Operator of an online activity search engine and a mobile app that provides personalized activity recommendations. It offers information on various topics, such as hiking, beaches, parks, museums, restaurants, live music, family fun, outdoor recreation, offbeat activities, historic sites, bed and breakfasts, golf, and sports and games.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'activity search engine', ' ', 'vertical search', '  ', 'recommendation engine', '']
Searchdaimon
	Provider of an open-enterprise search engine for corporate data and websites. The company provides a plug-and-play technology to search for knowledge and information from the Internet, documents, e-mails, attachments, customer-relationship systems and other content sources.
	['', 'enterprise search', ' ', 'corporate search', ' SME']
Vizibility
	Developer of SearchMe (TM) button for Google which instantly returns the search results. The company provides one click people search services for career professionals. It also offers PreSearch Wizard, a process to design and manage custom search result on Google and generate personal SearchMe button.
	['', 'web service', ' ', 'custom search', ' ', 'people search', ' ', 'online identity management', '']
e-channel Online
	Operator of an online marketing agency. The company engages in providing various advertising services such as strategic online marketing, media planning and campaign integration in the areas of mobile marketing, video advertising and search engine optimization.
	['', 'online marketing', ' ', 'search engine', ' ', 'social advertising', '']
Yield Software
	Provider of an Internet marketing software for advertisers and digital media agencies. The company offers Web marketing solutions that automate, simplify, and optimize the process of marketing on the Internet. It also provides search engine optimization, which is a process of enhancing Web pages; search engine marketing, which evaluates keywords, ads, and bids; pay-per-click campaign management; and landing page optimization solutions.
	['', 'Internet marketing software', ' ', 'Internet marketing application', ' ', 'Web marketing solution', ' ', 'search engine optimization', ' ', 'on-line marketing tool', ' ', 'Internet marketing', ' ', 'web marketing software', '']
ClickMotive
	Provider of an online platform for website design, video making, dynamic search and mobile websites. The company creates interactive marketing software for the automotive industry. The company\'s product, Fusion, includes dealer websites, auto group websites, regional websites, OEM websites, mobile websites, search engine marketing (SEM) programs, search engine optimization (SEO) expertise, video marketing, lead delivery, admin tools, content management, reporting analytics, customization and support.
	['', 'website design', ' ', 'search engine programs', ' ', 'auto group websites', ' ', 'mobile websites', ' ', 'search engine marketing', ' ', 'search engine optimization', '']
411
	Provider of an online search engine in Canada. The company provides search platform for user to locate whatever contact he whats to get in Canada.
	['', 'online search engine', ' ', 'search platform', ' ', 'database platform', '']
Klikki
	Operator of a digital marketing company. The company provides services such as search marketing, paid search, search engine optimization, brand and sales promotion using social media, website analytics, conversion optimization, integrated reporting services and display advertising.
	['', 'website analytics', ' ', 'sales promotion', ' ', 'search marketing', ' ', 'search engine optimization', ' ', 'display advertising', '']
MMC Networks
	Manufacturer of network processors and switch fabrics. The company’s products include EPIF, XPIF, and GPIF Packet Processors; nPX5400 Gigabit Ethernet switching engine; ATMS 2000 ATM switching engine; and PS 1000 Fast Ethernet switching engine.
	['', 'network processor', ' ', 'packet processor', ' ', 'switching engine', ' ', 'manufacturing company', '']
Dealer.com
	Provider of online marketing services for the automotive industry. The company offers a suite of web services, including automotive dealer websites, search engine marketing, advertising and optimization tools, lead and inventory management tools and the analysis tools for online marketing and advertising programs. It also provides LeadMachine that allows users to capture, track, organize and follow-up on leads from one single online location and video integration, integrated call tracking, performance analytics, advertising Return On Investment (ROI) and Website performance.
	['', 'online marketing service', ' ', 'Web marketing service', ' ', 'inventory marketing', '']
