Envolure
	Developer and provider of a biological, enzymatic and chemical catalog for the characterization of waste water and organic waste. The company offers a range of biological, enzymatic and chemical ecoanalyses on environmental matrices.
	['enzymatic ', 'chemical catalog', ' ', 'organic waste', '']
Quay Technologies
	Provider of environment friendly UV disinfection system for water and wastewater applications. The company’s purification technology uses microwave ultraviolet technology to energize low-pressure, high-output bulbs for municipal or industrial water and wastewater disinfection.
	['', 'disinfection system', ' ', 'wastewater application', ' ', 'purification technology', ' ', 'environment friendly', '']
Alkaline Water Company
	Provider of alkaline water where minerals are infused in the water, along with a 8.4 pH level. The company provides alkaline water through a consumer oriented bulk delivery system aimed at removing expensive small bottles from the distribution supply chain.
	['', 'alkaline water', ' ', 'mineral water', ' ', 'consumer product', '']
USCS International
	Provider of customer management software and statement processing to the communications, utilities and other service industries. The company\'s clients include cable television, wireless and wire-line telephony, direct broadcast satellite, electricity, water, gas, waste management and utility.
	['CRM ', 'statement processing', ' ', 'customer management software', '']
inge watertechnologies
	Provider of ultra-filtration technology for water treatment. The company offers a membrane process used to treat drinking water, process water, wastewater and sea water.
	['filtration ', 'water filtration', ' ', 'water filter', '']
Salsnes Filter
	Developer of filters to remove particles from municipal waste and industrial process water. The company\'s technology is used to secure good quality of incoming water, recycling water, or to improve utilization of raw materials in industries such as food-processing, maritime and fish farming.
	['', 'particles removal', ' filters ', 'municiple waste', '']
Acuity/Sparkle
	Provider of waste management and disposal services. The company also provides drinking water treatment, wastewater treatment and industrial water recovery services.
	['', 'water treatment services', ' ', 'waste-water management', ' ', 'environment conservation', '']
Pressure Products
	Manufacturer of an add on accessory water pack. The company offers pressurized hydration packs that gives access to pressurized water that users do not have to suck from the pack to drink or use it for other purpose.
	['', 'add on accessory', ' accessory ', 'hydration pack', ' ', 'pressurized water', '']
Transload America
	Provider of rail-based transfer, transportation, recycling and disposal of solid waste services in North America. The company provides rail-based transportation, trans-loading, disposal, recycling and reuse of waste material including municipal solid waste and construction and demolition debris. It also provides equipment and materials handling, fleet management and logistical services.
	['', 'waste management', ' recycling ', 'solid waste disposal', ' ', 'rail-based transportation', ' ', 'debris demolition', '']
Inetec
	Provider of waste management services. The company offer a range of on-site waste management services to food manufacturers relating to food and non-recyclable packaging waste.
	['', 'waste management', ' ', 'packaging waste', ' ', 'on-site waste management', '']
Med-Shred
	Provider of medical waste treatment services. The company offers transportation, collection, treatment and disposal of medical waste.
	['', 'medical waste disposal', ' ', 'waste treatment service', ' ', 'environment friendly', '']
GB Environmental
	Manufacturer of UV air and water treatment equipment.
	['', 'water treatment equipment', ' ', 'UV air monitoring equipment', ' ', 'water cleansing equipment', '']
Serrot International
	Provider of plastic linings fabricator which serves the metals refining, plating and water/waste water treatment industries. The company provides liner that prevent the flow of leachate off the site and control the migration of methane from the landfill.
	['waste water treatment fabricator methane']
Spiralcat
	Provider of water and biofuel renewable services. The company recovers water and biofuel using harvesting systems that transform waste into valuable energy and water resources.
	['biofuel ', 'soil fertility', ' ', 'usable resources', '']
BluMetric Environmental
	Designer of onsite wastewater treatment systems for domestic and industrial sites. The company offers products that focus on environmental problems relating to water treatment, re-use, and wastewater technology.
	['', 'environmental services', '']
WaterClean
	Developer of diaphragmatic process for water purification and surface disinfection. The company offers drinking water and plant surface disinfectants which are used to eliminate germs, pesticides, mycobacteria, biofilms, microorganisms, fungus and yeasts.
	['', 'drinking water', ' ', 'membrane electrolysis', ' ', 'water purification', ' ', 'surface disinfection', '']
Thermoenergy
	Provider of technologies for wastewater recovery and clean energy production. The company is engaged in the commercialization of patented proprietary municipal and industrial wastewater treatment and power generation technologies.
	['', 'wastewater recovery', ' ', 'clean energy productio', ' ', 'wastewater treatment', '']
Ocean Breeze Waterpark
	Operator of a water park company. The company offers amenities that includes rides and attractions, watershed programs and children areas. The company also offers gallon wave pool and a children\'s water playground.
	['', 'water park', ' slides ', 'watershed programs', ' ', 'water playground', '']
Bio Pure Technology
	Provider of wastewater treatment, and chemical process technologies. The company’s products include hybrid membrane technology system that provides a solution for the treatment of industrial water and wastewater streams; chemically stable nanofiltration membranes for the chemical process industry; and well water treatment systems. It serves pharmaceuticals and agrochemicals, mining, landfill, chemicals, food and beverage, drinking water, water re-use and desalination, and fermentation industries
	['', 'waste water treatment', ' ', 'chemical process technology', ' ', 'water treatment solution', '']
Milston
	Provider of slurry treatment technologies. The company manufactures and markets various technology products including slurry separators for the agriculture, biogas, food processing industries for the treatment of other slurries and waste water.
	['', 'slurry treatment', ' ', 'slurry separator', ' ', 'environmental technology', ' ', 'waste water', '']
Medesa Technology
	Developer of desalination technology. The company is the creator of a proprietary water-treatment technology aimed at production of smaller capacities (100 to 500 cubic meters of driking water per diem. The company\'s treatment units are small enough to be transportable by container, ship, lorry and helicopter, and are designed to be grid-independent.
	['', 'water treatment', ' desalination ', 'water filtration', ' ', 'desalination equipment', '']
Ecowat
	Provider and developer of water purification technologies and products. The company applies gas hydrate crystallization as a method to purify industrial waste water. It also provides water recycling services.
	['', 'water recycling service', ' ', 'water purification', ' ', 'gas hydrate crystallization', '']
Watertronix
	Provider of water-treatment system for swimming pools. The company has developed a technology using salt electrolysis chlorine generation to provide odor-free water treatment. The treatment system is scalable for swimming pools in competitive, municipal, hotel and residential settings.
	['', 'pool water', ' ', 'water-treatment system', ' ', 'swimming pools', '']
