Appscio
	Developer of applications of media mining algorithms to government, enterprise, and Web media management problems. The company provides an open architecture media processing framework with a plug-in architecture for video and audio analytics that enable researchers and customers to develop and deploy applications. It also licenses, commercializes, certifies, tests, documents, benchmarks, and resells media mining algorithms developed for commercial entities, research organizations, and individuals.
	['', 'media mining algorithm', ' ', 'media management', ' ', 'media processing framework', '']
BiBC
	Provider of streaming and hosting services for visual media. The company uses webcasting technology to enable content providers to distribute digital media securely via the internet. The company offers media consultancy in the area of video downloads.
	['', 'media consultancy', ' ', 'digital content', ' ', 'digital media', '']
VitalStream
	Provider of products and services that enable the digital broadcast of audio and video content and other communications via the Internet. The company\'s mix of services and technology enable businesses to leverage the global reach of the Internet to distribute their media content to targeted audiences worldwide.
	['', 'audio streaming', ' ', 'video streaming', ' ', 'media hosting', ' ', 'consulting services', '']
Zenverge
	Provider of semiconductors for digital media products. The company is developer of content networking ICs built around the patented TransAll technology, a core requirement for next generation video services gateways.
	['', 'digital media', ' ', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'video networking', ' ', 'networking equipment', ' ', 'desktop media', '']
LoadnVote
	Provider of visual media competition on the internet. The company invites visitors of all ages and interests to compete in head-to-head contests by uploading videos, pictures and other media to gain exposure and win prizes.
	['', 'social content', ' ', 'visual media', ' ', 'media competition', ' ', 'voting site', '']
Network24 Communications
	Provider of outsourced webcasting e-services. The company provides Internet broadcasting application services for enterprises, Internet content providers, and value-added partners.
	['', 'webcasting e-services', ' ', 'internet broadcasting', ' oursourcing ', 'online events', ' application']
7digital
	Provider of digital media platform. The company provides digital download services, including music and video download stores, media streaming, audio books, ebooks, documents, subscription services, promotional voucher programs and download based incentives.
	['', 'digital media', ' ', 'media streaming', ' ', 'digital download', '']
Gaiam
	Provider of a lifestyle media company and offers a  selection of information, media, products and services to customers. The company caters goods for home, clothing, wellness, yoga, fitness and videos.
	['lifestyle ', 'direct response television', ' ecommerce catalog']
iStreamPlanet
	Provider of live streaming video services. The company develops and provides digital media strategy, managed webcasting services and internet applications to enable online media delivery.
	['', 'Internet broadcast', ' ', 'live broadcast', ' ', 'video workflow', ' ', 'automated video', ' ', 'video application', ' ', 'digital media', ' ', 'online media', '']
