Triformix
	Manufacturer of precision polymer optic and opto-electronic systems. The company also provides medical devices, such as polymer optics, including endoscope imaging lens systems, endoscope relay optics, zoom ophthalmoscope imaging and relay optics, blood plates, optical cuvettes and assay illumination optics products and disposable miniaturized imaging systems for the endoscopic device market, as well as offers lens assemblies and cameras.
	['', 'polymer optic', ' ', 'opto electronic', ' ', 'endoscope imaging', ' ', 'ophthalmoscope imaging', ' ', 'medical equipments', ' ', 'illumination optic', '']
Precision Light
	Developer and distributor of body imaging systems. The company develops body imaging systems for simulating the outcome of plastic surgery procedures.
	['', 'breast augmentation', ' ', 'face lift', ' ', 'plastic surgery', '']
Visual Sciences
	Developer of imaging informatics. The company utilizes imaging technologies and analytics to create integrated information management technology products and services that address problems in healthcare and homeland security for corporations and governmental agencies. Its product suite integrates, streamlines, and distributes business and clinical information and images across the enterprise.
	['', 'imaging informatic', ' ', 'imaging technology', ' ', 'integrated information management', ' ', 'clinical information', ' ', 'image management', ' ', 'Internet Software', '']
Imanext
	Operator of a contract  research organization. The company operates in the field of functional imaging and provides insights on the non-clinical and clinical applications for drug development to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.
	['', 'functional imaging', ' research ', 'molecular imaging', ' ', 'nonclinical imaging', ' ', 'clinical imaging service', '']
RealTimeImage
	Developer of robust web-based imaging products and services for Healthcare. The company provides a platform for e-commerce between commercial print companies and their customers and companies and advertising agencies.
	['', 'imaging products', ' ', 'graphic arts', ' e-commerce radiology orthopaedics']
Check-Cap
	Provider and developer of gastrointestinal imaging devices. The company provides a multi-disciplinary technology for the imaging and screening of the colon, as well as a screening system for colo-rectal cancer. The system includes a capsule, a receiver, proprietary imaging software and an associated database for web-based access and analysis.
	['', 'cancer screening', ' ', 'imaging device', ' ', 'colon imaging', ' ', 'imaging software', '']
NeuroLogica
	Developer of medical imaging equipment. The company offers portable computer tomography scanners including BodyTom and CereTom.
	['', 'medical imaging', ' ', 'medical imaging equipment', ' ', 'computer tomography scanner', ' ', 'portable tomography scanner', '']
Quantason
	Provider of bi-modal technology. The company\'s technology expands the capabilities of conventional ultrasound systems by combining anatomical 2D imaging with proprietary real-time acoustic stimulation paradigms to image, detect, locate in 3D and classify micron-size targets.
	['', 'bi-modal technology', ' ultrasound ', 'drug delivery', ' ', 'breast cancer screening', ' ', 'ultrasound technology', ' diagnostic']
Tak Imaging
	Provider of system solutions. The company provides the consumer photo printer market with system solutions including imaging technologies, semiconductors and software. The company\'s products include silicon, software and reference designs to accelerate original equipment manufacturer (OEM) time-to-market and time-to-volume requirements.
	['', 'imaging technologies', ' ', 'semiconductor', ' ', 'photo printer', '']
ALIS Corporation
	Developer of scanning ion microscopes and imaging systems for the semiconductor and pharmaceutical sectors. The company created a helium ion technology that enables scientists to see at the atomic level with resolution and material contrast.
	['', 'microscopes', ' ', 'imaging systems', ' ', 'semiconductor', '']
IPIX
	Provider of imaging solutions for commerce, communication, and security applications in the United States and internationally. The company\'s solutions create, process, and manage various media, including still images, 360 by 360 degree immersive images, and video. It offers cameras kits, software tools, services, infrastructure, and training to support immersive imaging. It operates in two segments, Immersive Video Products and Immersive Still Photography Products.
	['', 'commerce imaging solution', ' ', 'security application', ' ', 'still image', ' ', 'still photography', '']
VisualSonics
	Developer of ultrasound imaging technologies. The company develops ultrasound-based micro-imaging systems  non-invasive preclinical research in cardiovascular, cancer and developmental biology areas.
	['', ' ultrasound imaging technologies', ' ', 'micro-imaging systems', ' ', 'preclinical research', ' ', 'photoacoustic imaging', ' imaging']
Oncoscope
	Developer of clinical optical imaging applications. The company develops optical imaging systems which provides images and information on tissue microstructure for the purpose of epithelial tissues in the oral cavity, esophagous, stomach, colon, lung, cervix and bladder.
	['', 'Optical imaging', ' tissue microstructure']
