Discovery Engine
	Developer of an internet search engine. The company offers an interaction model of search engine that also can also compile information from multiple sources.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'internet search engine', ' SEO']
Buysight
	Provider of search engine marketing platform for display advertising. The company provides services for both brand and performance advertisers and has developed an online display advertising network called ShopperConnecta for online e-commerce shopping market.
	['', 'brand advertising', ' ', 'marketing platform', ' ', 'display advertising', '']
Efficient Frontier
	Owner and operator of digital performance marketing company that manages search and display optimization for marketers. The company also provides search engine optimization solutions.
	['', 'digital marketing', ' ', 'performance marketing', ' ', 'search optimization', ' ', 'display optimization', '']
Trada
	Provider of pay per click advertising marketplace and crowdsourced search engine marketing services. The company has developed a pay per click marketplace that allows agencies and in-house advertisers to leverage the skills, who in turn earn risk free money by generating clicks and conversions for advertisers.
	['', 'online advertising', ' ', 'advertising marketplace', ' ', 'online marketing', ' ', 'crowdsource marketing', '']
Eurekster
	Provider of social search software services and technologies. The company\'s search portal and widget harness the knowledge and behavior of online communities to improve the search experience and creating online assets for Web publishers, infopreneurs and advertising inventory for marketers.
	['', 'social search software', ' ', 'online community', ' ', 'customized search', '']
Hurra Communications
	Provider of integrated online marketing services. The company provides products and services on the subjects of search engine and dialogue marketing. The services provided by the company include search engine advertising, search engine optimization, conversation optimization, web analytics, performance display advertising and Facebook advertising.
	['', 'search engine advertising', ' ', 'conversation optimization', ' ', 'web analytics', ' ', 'performance display advertising', ' ', 'integrated online marketing', ' ', 'online marketing', '']
FullSpeed
	Provider of an internet consulting and advertising service. The company provides listing advertising and search engine marketing services along with keyword selection, bid price adjusting, copywriting and other allied services.
	['', 'website rank', ' ', 'internet marketing', ' ', 'advertising spots', '']
Exalead
	Provider of a search software for business and the web. The company provides a unified search technology platform for desktop, intranet or web search which provides users with a single access point to information, regardless of format or location.
	['data-center ', 'information access platform', ' scalability']
LVL7 Systems
	Provider of software solutions to modern businesses. The company offers web design and development, Internet marketing, content management, search engine optimization, domain hosting, and e-commerce solutions.
	['software application ', 'web design', ' marketing Internet ', 'search engine', ' domain hosting ', 'e-commerce', '']
WiseNut
	Provider of search engine and Web-browsing services. The company is the developer of a crawler-based search engine and database of indexed Web pages.
	['', 'search engine technology', ' ', 'web browsing', ' ', 'internet search', '']
Cue
	Provider of search engine that runs through the cloud data. The company\'s search engine turns the accounts an individual depends on, like email, contacts and calendar, into a snapshot of the day. It also enhances existing calendar by automatically connecting events to related phone numbers, people and addresses.
	['', 'cloud data', ' ', 'search engine', ' ', 'connecting event', '']
Guruji.com
	Operator of a crawler-based search engine that identifies Web content for Indian launches and language search. The company\'s search engine is available for PCs and mobile devices and covers a variety of topics, including news, entertainment, travel, astrology, literature, business, and education.
	['', 'search engine', '']
Searchdaimon
	Provider of an open-enterprise search engine for corporate data and websites. The company provides a plug-and-play technology to search for knowledge and information from the Internet, documents, e-mails, attachments, customer-relationship systems and other content sources.
	['', 'enterprise search', ' ', 'corporate search', ' SME']
Vizibility
	Developer of SearchMe (TM) button for Google which instantly returns the search results. The company provides one click people search services for career professionals. It also offers PreSearch Wizard, a process to design and manage custom search result on Google and generate personal SearchMe button.
	['', 'web service', ' ', 'custom search', ' ', 'people search', ' ', 'online identity management', '']
e-channel Online
	Operator of an online marketing agency. The company engages in providing various advertising services such as strategic online marketing, media planning and campaign integration in the areas of mobile marketing, video advertising and search engine optimization.
	['', 'online marketing', ' ', 'search engine', ' ', 'social advertising', '']
Goshme Solucoes Para a Internet
	Developer and provider of search engine. The company assists users by providing a list of all search engines and databases appropriate to the query, ranked by relevance, divided by categories and sub-categories, and with a brief description about each search engine.
	['', 'search engine', ' databases ', 'Web Search', '']
Yield Software
	Provider of an Internet marketing software for advertisers and digital media agencies. The company offers Web marketing solutions that automate, simplify, and optimize the process of marketing on the Internet. It also provides search engine optimization, which is a process of enhancing Web pages; search engine marketing, which evaluates keywords, ads, and bids; pay-per-click campaign management; and landing page optimization solutions.
	['', 'Internet marketing software', ' ', 'Internet marketing application', ' ', 'Web marketing solution', ' ', 'search engine optimization', ' ', 'on-line marketing tool', ' ', 'Internet marketing', ' ', 'web marketing software', '']
Peryskop.pl
	Provider of an online search engine. The company provides semantic search engine for products and product\'s reviews in Polish and English.
	['', 'online search', ' ', 'online product search', ' ', 'semantic search engine', '']
HyWire
	Provider of search engine services for forwarding, classification, billing and security applications. The company develops IP-core & hardware solutions for improving networking equipment performance.
	['', 'routing equipment', ' ', 'search engine service', ' ', 'security application', '']
BackType
	Operator of a search engine that enables the users to find, follow, and share comments from blogs and social news sites on the Web. The company also enables to search query results by RSS feeds and emails.
	['', 'search engine', ' ', 'social impact', ' ', 'analytics platform', ' ', 'social impact analysis', ' ', 'social analytics platform', '']
Milewise
	Provider of a search engine for frequent fliers. The company\'s search engine is designed for fliers that helps to pay for using cash, airline miles and credit card points. It tracks all rewards in one place.
	['', 'traveling reward program', ' ', 'frequent fliers', ' ', 'traveling reward', '']
JustSpotted
	Provider of real time search engine. The company\'s search engine aggregates and organizes content being shared on the internet. It offers search options on entertainment, technology, sports, world and business, science, gaming, politics and lifestyle topics.
	['', 'realtime search engine', ' ', 'internet content', ' ', 'entertainment search option', '']
Klikki
	Operator of a digital marketing company. The company provides services such as search marketing, paid search, search engine optimization, brand and sales promotion using social media, website analytics, conversion optimization, integrated reporting services and display advertising.
	['', 'website analytics', ' ', 'sales promotion', ' ', 'search marketing', ' ', 'search engine optimization', ' ', 'display advertising', '']
Delver
	Developer of a social search engine to help users to find content, media and people within their network.
	['', 'social search engine', ' ', 'social network search', ' ', 'people search', '']
