MCN
	Provider of mobile search and advertising technology platform. The company provides advertising services to operators and content providers which includes  MessagePlus, RichMedia Advertising and Social Media Advertising.
	['', 'mobile search', ' ', 'search platform', ' ', 'search on mobile', ' ', 'advertising application', '']
Turboprop
	Creator of a mobile-application development platform. The company operates an online platform enabling users to create mobile applications with a drag-and-drop experience. The company provides ready-made templates, as well as tools to build applications from scratch.
	['', 'mobile application development', ' ', 'application template', ' ', 'ready-made template', '']
AppRedeem
	Provider of a promotion and advertising platform for mobile applications discovery, branding and monetization. The company offers rewards and incentives both for installing and taking action on promoted applications.
	['', 'branding and monetization', ' ', 'rewards and incentives', ' ', 'gift cards', '']
Fivia
	Provider of automated inventory, order and billing management software designed originally for online advertising. The company’s software product manages the workflow of major sell-side advertising publishers to maximize the value of their digital advertising inventory.
	['', 'automated inventory', ' ', 'billing management software', ' ', 'online advertising', '']
Beijing MobileWoo Information Technology
	Provider of PIM related services to mobile users. The company offers iSMS, iDialer, FreeMMSViewer, iDecompress and FreeLunarClt.
	['PIM ', 'mobile users', ' FreeMMSViewer']
UUCun
	Provider of Internet based mobile advertising services. The company provides Internet based mobile advertising services for WAP sites, application developers, and advertisers
	['', 'Internet based advertisement', ' ', 'mobile advertising services', ' ', 'internet advertising platform', '']
Dispop
	Developer of an online advertising-design platform. The company operates a crowdsourced platform that enables advertisers to run advertising-design contests, relying on a crowdsourced network to choose the best designs for their campaigns.
	['', 'crowd source', ' ', 'advertisement source', ' ', 'advertising design', ' ', 'banner advertising', '']
Cybird
	Provider of mobile internet services. The company provides mobile internet services geared towards businesses and individual use. Its main activities are to develop mobile sites, mobile marketing, advertising, and mobile commerce.
	['', 'mobile internet', ' ', 'internet services', ' ', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'mobile commerce', '']
HowMark Mobile
	Operator a mobile advertising platform for advertisers and publishers. The company provides performance marketing networks for mobile advertising campaigns.
	['', 'mobile advertising platform', ' ', 'performance marketing network', ' ', 'mobile advertising campaign', ' ', 'mobile advertising', '']
Authenticlick
	Operator of a web analytics company. The company specializes in web traffic intelligence services for online advertising optimization. It provides pay-per-click advertising audit and fraud detection technology and offers various services like identifying, verifying, documenting, scoring low quality click activity and helping to secure equitable refunds and credits.
	['', 'campaign services', ' ', 'web analytic', ' ', 'ROI optimization', '']
ReTargeter
	Provider of an online display advertising platform. The company offers services for brand awareness and conversions by showing banner advertisements to the audience to a site after they leave. It enables brands to focus their advertisements on everyone who has engaged with them online, whether through the Web, e-mail, mobile devices or social media.
	['', 'display advertising', ' ', 'brand awareness', ' ', 'banner advertisements', '']
iLoop Mobile
	Provider of mobile coupons and mobile alerts. The company provides mobile services and technology for interactive mobile marketing, mobile advertising and mobile content distribution.
	['coupon ', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'mobile content distribution', '']
ShopLocal
	Provider of multi-channel shopping and advertising services. The company offers a suite of solutions that connect advertisers and consumers online and in-store. Its solutions include an interactive and rich media banner ad that automatically delivers the clients locally versioned offers across the Web; a localization engine that distributes versioned local promotions and deals across various mediums; and an online circular advertising service that converts locally versioned ads into an online circular that shopper can view on their site.
	['', 'multi-channel shopping', ' ', 'advertising service', ' ', 'online in-store', ' ', 'rich media banner', ' ', 'localization engine', ' ', 'online circular advertising', '']
AdScale
	Provider of a marketplace for online advertising in Germany. The company offers traditional display advertising and special forms of advertising via video advertising and text ads to advertisers and website owners. The company also offers publishers and marketers a tool for controlling inventory use.
	['', 'online advertising', ' ', 'online marketplace', ' ', 'video advertising', '']
Namo Media
	Provider of a mobile advertising platform. The company offers online advertising services for mobile applications.
	['', 'mobile platform', ' ', 'application system', ' ', 'advertising service', '']
Beijing Feixiangren Information Technology
	Provider of online classified advertisement platform. The company provides a location-based advertising platform, with sections devoted to housing, jobs, personals, for sale, services, tickets, pets and discussion forums.
	['', 'local portal', ' ', 'locational information', ' ', 'social content', '']
Mocean Mobile
	Provider of mobile marketing services for content publishers, advertisers, ad sellers, affiliates and developers. The company offers self-serve mobile advertising and mobile ad publishing services.
	['', 'mobile marketing', ' ', 'content publisher', ' ', 'mobile advertisement', ' ', 'mobile content', '']
Domob Network Technology
	Provider of mobile advertising service. The company operates a mobile internet advertising platform and offers in-application digital display advertising to mobile devices.
	['', 'mobile advertising platform', ' ', 'mobile advertising network', ' ', 'online mobile advertising', '']
Gradient X
	Provider of a programmatic marketing platform for mobile advertising. The company\'s platform solution for mobile advertising is powered by a cloud-based, on-demand infrastructure that incorporates emerging technologies and strategies within the mobile environment.
	['', 'technology platform', ' ', 'mobile media space', ' ', 'performance advertising', ' ', 'mobile advertising', '']
Medialets
	Developer of media advertising and an analytics platform for mobile applications. The company\'s platform enables mobile application developers to measure their audience and monetize their applications through advertising.
	['', 'media advertising', ' ', 'analytic platform', ' ', 'user activity', ' ', 'advertisement performance', ' ', 'advertising monetization', '']
Department of Behavior and Logic
	Provider of mobile applications in HTML5. Th company\'s application is used to turn Facebook fan pages into mobile apps.
	['', 'mobile application', ' ', 'HTML5 application', ' ', 'application development tool', '']
Videoplaza
	Provider of advertising serving platform. The company provides an advertising serving platform which is used by the global client base to monetise video experiences on computers, mobile devices, tablets and televisions.
	['', 'serving platform', ' ', 'media sevice', ' ', 'advertising platform', '']
Ströer Interactive
	Provider of outdoor advertising services. The company offers online marketing services such as outdoor banner advertising.
	['', 'outdoor advertising services', ' ', 'banner advertising', ' ', 'outdoor marketing', '']
Pudding Media
	Provider of mobile advertising services. The company is focused on enabling and selling carrier-based inventories.
	['', 'advertising solution', ' ', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'voice based advertising', '']
eVector
	Developer of an online messaging platform. The company develops a multiple access messaging platform that offers stock prices and other content services for mobile devices.
	['', 'messaging platform', ' ', 'mobile commerce', ' ', 'digital messaging platform', '']
Zave Networks
	Operator of an incentive platform that links online and mobile incentive placement with in-store redemption. The company offers Zavers, an incentive network that replaces paper coupons and instead digitally links consumers, manufacturers, and retailers. Its solution gives product marketers a data environment around their incentives and online advertising.
	['', 'incentive platform', ' ', 'incentive network', ' ', 'mobile incentive placement', '']
AdJitsu
	Provider of mobile display advertisement.
	['', 'mobile display advertisement', ' ', 'advertisement network', ' ', 'mobile application', '']
Branded Reality
	Developer of a mobile technology platform. The company provides a platform that integrates with advertising campaigns and enables brands to give free samples to consumers.
	['', 'mobile technology platform', ' ', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'integrate advertising campaign', '']
VoiceStar
	Provider of call tracking software and pay-per-call technology for advertising and marketing agency. The company is a provider of call tracking software and pay-per-call technology for advertising and marketing agency which helps them to track the success of advertising and demonstrate return on investment to clients.
	['', 'call tracking', ' ', 'marketing data management', ' ', 'call placement', '']
Openera Technologies
	Provider of mobile application handset services for converged mobile networks. The company enables the delivery of various multimedia IP communication services on mobile devices.
	['', 'mobile application', ' ', 'mobile service', ' ', 'multimedia IP communication', ' ', 'mobile device', '']
Maxifier
	Provider of a software platform for online advertising. The company provides a marketing platform that generates revenues from advertising campaigns.
	['', 'internet software', ' ', 'advertising inventory', ' ', 'premium inventory', '']
Dobleas
	Operator of a mobile advertising technology company. The company offers data sources to buyers and sellers on mobile platforms. It also provides API access and DSP platform services for trading desks to fulfill their buying needs.
	['', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'data sources', ' ', 'API access', ' ', 'trading desks', ' ', 'DSP platform', '']
AdColony
	Provider of a mobile advertising platform. The company offers high-definition in-app video advertisement network featuring Instant-Play technology across smartphone and tablet publisher inventory.
	['', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'video advertisement', ' ', 'tablet publisher', '']
Beijing Li Mei Technology
	Provider of mobile marketing services. The company provides mobile internet advertising services using data mining technology.
	['', 'mobile platform', ' ', 'mobile internet services', ' ', 'mobile internet advertising', '']
Milk
	Provider of a mobile development lab. The company enables developers to experiment with mobile applications.
	['', 'application development', ' ', 'application lab', ' ', 'application testing', '']
