Slide
	Provider of online application for social networking websites. The company provides slideshow, image and video personalization, guestbook and virtual gift applications for social networks including Facebook, MySpace, Bebo, Friendster, Hi5 and Orkut.
	['', 'social networking application', ' ', 'online application', ' ', 'video personalization', ' slideshow ', 'social entertainment', '']
Diddit
	Developer of the social networking site. The company\'s social platform enables people to discover new life experiences, get credit for activities done, share personal stories and connect with others like them.
	['', 'social interaction', ' ', 'online connectivity', ' ', 'social content', '']
Primeloop
	Provider of an information tracking tool used in social networking websites. The company\'s tool makes it simple to bookmark, clip, and tag contents from a webpage and receive notifications about new comments, shares and engagement on all \'PR clippings\'.
	['', 'information tracking tool', ' ', 'social networking', ' bookmark notifications']
OSN Online Social Networking
	Operator of an online social networking platform. The company operates family networking websites for build family trees.
	['', 'family tree', ' ', 'family network', ' ', 'social engagement', '']
SocialThing
	Provider of social networking, rock band, and cupcakes services. The company solutions allow new ways to interact with persons online.
	['', 'rock band', ' ', 'online application', ' ', 'social design', '']
LearnShark
	Developer of a platform for companies to capture, track, and share learning across their organization. The company has built social software that allows users to upload web links, files from DropBox, GitHub, Evernote and other services so that employees can connect with one another over content.
	['', 'IT Services', '']
Netlog
	Provider of an online platform for social networking. The company provides an online platform where users keep in touch with and extend their social network.
	['', 'social networking', ' ', 'networking platform', ' ', 'social platform', '']
Moves
	Developer and provider of a pedometer that works with iPhone. The company\'s products use sensor and location information from the user\'s iPhone to record any activities users do and using location technology, can recognize routes of travel and locations. It enables users to track their activities and distances logged on a daily basis.
	['pedometer ', 'fitness application', ' ', 'activity tracker', '']
eGuardian
	Provider of a software solution that blocks contact with online predators and filters out adult content without hindering a child\'s learning, social networking, and exploring opportunities. The company helps to make online communication, including social networking sites, chat, and email safe from sexual predators and adult content.
	['', 'online communication', ' ', 'block online predator', ' ', 'block adult content', ' ', 'social networking', '']
NutshellMail
	Provider of services that help in keeping track of social networking activities. The company was developed so that all the users who have multiple accounts on various social networking sites could keep track of their activities easily.
	['', 'social networking', '', 'social network application', '', 'social software', '']
linkedFA
	Provider of a social networking Website for financial & insurance professionals & investors. The company also provides access to more information and data on investments in a secure and private environment.
	['', 'social networking Website', ' ', 'social networking', ' ', 'networking platform', '']
Atomic Moguls
	Provider of entertainment and sports fantasy applications for social-networking sites. The company provides fantasy games and sports content on social networks.
	['', 'entertainment software', ' ', 'networking sites', ' ', 'fantasy application', '']
Fridge
	Provider of an online platform for group social networking. The company provides an online platform which allows users to share their private photos and status updates with their closest friends in relative safety.
	['', 'private social networking', ' ', 'social network', ' ', 'group social networking', '']
Insoshi
	Provider of an online open-source social networking platform. The company provides social networking codes to the developers.
	['', 'source code', ' ', 'networking codes', ' ', 'online services', ' ', 'social networking platform', '']
Jaxtr
	Operator of a social communication website. The company website enables its clients to receive calls from people visiting their social networking pages, as well as make calls to their friends and family worldwide.
	['', 'social communication', ' ', 'cloud-based voice conferencing', ' ', 'fax-to-email service', ' ', 'voice over internet protocol technology (VOIP) service', '']
Orbius
	Provider of online social networking services. The company\'s platform is optimized for SEO at the page and application level. It is robust and scalable and is built on a flexible platform that enables rapid development of new features and applications.
	['', 'social networking', ' ', 'flexible platform', ' ', 'application development', ' ', 'feature development', ' ', 'create content', '']
Zoji
	Developer of a network of users that incorporates reviewing and social networking features for the internet community. The company aims to make invitations social with various web 2.0 features for users creating invites.
	['', 'photo sharing', ' ', 'photo tagging', ' ', 'internet community', ' ', 'restaurant review', ' ', 'social networking', '']
Momo
	Provider of a location-based social networking application. The company provides a free platform enabling users to communicate through voice, photos and text, while being aware of real-time distance between themselves and the person they\'re messaging.
	['', 'navigation system', ' ', 'GPS tracker', ' ', 'global positioning system', ' ', 'social networking application', '']
Gowalla
	Provider of social-networking service for smart phones. The company gives people a way to communicate and express themselves through the everyday places and extraordinary settings they enjoy.
	['', 'social networking', ' ', 'mobile application', ' ', 'mobile chat application', '']
