Ontoprise
	Provider of industry-proven semanticweb infrastructure technologies and products. The company\'s products are used to support dynamic semantic information integration and information management processes at the enterprise level.
	['', 'semanticweb infrastructure', ' ', 'information integration', ' ', 'information management', '']
Allergene
	Developer of products for diseases relating to immune system dysfunction. The company provides treatment of diseases that affect the immune system, ranging from allergies to AIDS.
	['nontoxic alternative modification']
BusLogic
	Supplier of Small Computer Systems Interface (SCSI) host adapters and RAID products for desktop PCs and network servers. The company\'s products were used by OEMs, VARs and system integrators.
	['', 'Small Computer Systems Interface', ' RAID server']
Oceana Therapeutics
	Manufacturer of pharmaceuticals for pediatric endocrinology, urology, oncology, gastroenterology, endocrinology, cardiology and acute care. The company’s Solesta is used for the treatment of fecal (bowel) incontinence.
	['', 'pediatric endocrinology', ' ', 'fecal incontinence', '']
Imaging Automation
	Developer of technology for document authentication, biometrics and data collection. The company offers products used to authenticate identification documents such as passports, visas, national identification cards and driver\'s licenses. Its products are used in security applications in the government, travel and transportation industries.
	['', 'document authentication application', ' ', 'biometrics application', ' ', 'data collection application', ' ', 'security application', '']
Sequenta
	Developer of clinical diagnostics based on a new platform for understanding immune system status. The company develops new approaches for measuring the variable part of the human genome, the immune cell receptor genes.
	['', 'clinical diagnostic', ' ', 'immune system', ' ', 'human genome', ' ', 'cell receptor', ' ', 'human health', '']
CytoPherx
	Developer of cytopheresis systems for addressing inflammation-based diseases and conditions. The company focuses on acute renal failure, end-stage renal disease, and acute inflammation induced by cardio pulmonary bypass surgery. It develops products based on the configurations of commercially available hollow fiber dialysis filters that are used in a proprietary manner to sequester and deactivate leukocytes in the patient\'s blood system.
	['', 'inflammation-based diseases', ' ', 'cardio pulmonary bypass surgery', ' ', 'Therapeutic Device', '']
Enobia Pharma
	Developer of therapies to treat genetic bone disorders for which there are no approved treatments. The company’s products are used for the treatment of hypophosphatasia (HPP).
	['', 'enzyme replacement', ' hypophosphatasia ', 'bone disorder', ' biotechnology ', 'bone mineralization', ' ', 'bone disease', '']
Cellerix
	Developer of medicinal products. The company\'s products are used for the treatment of gastroenterology, dermatology and immune-based diseases.
	['', 'medicinal products', ' ', 'healthcare devices and supplies', ' ', 'life sciences', '']
Spinal Concepts
	Provider of devices for neck and back surgery. The company delivers implants used in the treatment of spinal disorders, diseases and injuries.
	['', 'neck surgery', ' ', 'back surgery', ' ', 'lower back surgery', ' ', 'spinal disorders', ' ', 'surgical devices', '']
Switch Biotech
	Developer of prescription dermatology products. The company screens gene-expression patterns and engages in the development of treatments for various dermatological complaints including psoriasis and atopic dermatitis.
	['', 'skin disease', ' ', 'chronic wound', '  dermatology']
Fusion Medical Technologies
	Manufacturer of surgical hemostatic sealant products. The company develops collagen gel-based products which are used to control bleeding during surgeries. The company\'s lead product FloSeal matrix, is a combination of collagen-derived particles and topical thrombin. It controls surgical bleeding and works well on wet, actively bleeding tissue.
	['', 'surgical products', ' ', 'collagen particles', ' ', 'surgical bleeding', '']
