facilityboss
	Developer of software for building owners and operators. The company develops various process optimizing applications for various industries including web based room or desk management and reservation, tracking software for the pharma industry, data capture application for business continuity management used in the financial sector. The company was spun out of Fraunhofer Institut SIT.
	['', 'managing spaces', ' ', 'digital building', ' ', 'building space', ' ', 'space management', ' ', 'resource optimization', '']
CipherActive
	Developer of a software for video coding. The company develops and markets accelerated standard encryption systems enabling wide usage of cryptography in resource constrained environments.
	['', 'video coding', ' accelerated ', 'standard encryption', '']
Diffusion
	Provider of multi-channel information delivery technology. The company develops intranet and extranet software for the targeted distribution of business critical information through different media.
	['', 'intranet software', ' ', 'extranet software', ' ', 'multi-channel information', ' ', 'application software', '']
VividLogic
	Provider of Home Entertainment Software for HDTV and HD STB. The company\'s comprehensive software infrastructure and applications for HDTV cover the basic ATSC software stack, Cable Card software and the next generation OCAP software and related OCHD 2.0 software.
	['', 'home entertainment', ' ', 'high definition TV', ' ', 'set top box', '']
Yobble
	Developer of a hybrid hardware/software technology for iPhone. The company is a mobile motion sensing platform for applications that need regular touch interfaces.
	['', 'music game', ' ', 'motion control', ' ', 'air guitar', ' ', 'mobile motion', ' ', 'consumer electronic', '']
Remedy Corporation
	Developer of a software system and technology. The company develops a action request system and various applications software.
	['', 'software system', ' ', 'request system', ' ', 'communication software', '']
McCormack & Dodge
	Provider of financial software. The company develops mainframe applications software.
	['', 'mainframe application', ' ', 'mainframe software', ' ', 'financial platform', '']
MindWeavers
	Developer of software products to help people overcome dyslexia. The company develops and sells software-based products to optimize an individuals innate abilities relating to sensory and motor skills. The company spun out from the University of Oxford.
	['', 'brain simulation', ' ', 'brain exercises', ' ', 'sensory skills', ' ', 'motor skills', ' ', 'computer games', ' ', 'language learning', ' ', 'software products', '']
Pure Software
	Developer of Software tool. The company provides software quality improvement products.
	['', 'software tool', ' ', 'quality improvement', ' product']
Dblur technology
	Developer of software lens technology.The company develops software solutions mainly for camera manufacturers. The company also mobile phone camera vendors solution for the design of miniature cameras at lower cost.
	['cellular digital medical camera']
PushLife
	Developer of software for the BlackBerry and Android Smartphones.
	['', 'mobile software', ' ', 'blackberry software', ' ', 'android software', '']
Sensinode
	Developer of software technology for the Internet of things (IoT). The company develops commercial 6LoWPAN and related IPv6 technologies which enable physical sensing, tracking and identification with enterprise systems and the Internet. Its NanoStack, NanoRouter and NanoService software leads to low-power networks in wireless health, building automation, asset management and other applications.
	['', 'wireless embedded system', ' ', 'embedded system', ' ', 'Wireless embedded', ' ', 'physical sensing', ' ', 'asset tracking', ' ', 'enterprise system', ' ', 'smart grid', ' ', 'internet of things', '']
Explore Technologies
	Manufacturer of interactive, talking globe known as Odyssey. The company is the maker of a globe which calculates latitude and longitude through a software technology called NearTouch. The globe is marketed as an educational product for children.
	['', 'educational toy', ' ', 'learning toy', ' ', 'interactive products', ' globe']
