bTendo
	Developer of personal projection technologies. The company\'s technology enable mobile users to project, view, and share multimedia content from PDAs, multimedia players, digital cameras, laptops, mobile phones, or other handheld devices.
	['', 'projection technology', ' ', 'networking platform', ' ', 'multimedia sharing', ' ', 'content sharing', '']
Zealous Interactive
	Owner and operator of a social network and web portal. The company specializes in online media distribution, social networking, content management and features its print and online publications and over 700 URLs and websites. Its flagship enterprise is TheAdultSpot.com and TheAdultSpot 3D.
	['', 'online media distribution', ' ', 'content management', ' ', 'social network', ' ', 'online publication', '']
SupportLocal
	Operator of a social network for sharing information and opinions. The company\'s platform enables people to give and get local business recommendations from the people they know and trust.
	['', 'share information', ' ', 'share opinions', ' ', 'business recommendations', '']
Five Across
	Provider of social networking and community building technology. The company\'s web platform enables organizations to grow user communities with multimedia experiences.
	['', 'social content', ' ', 'community building technology', ' ', 'web platform', ' ', 'multimedia experience', '']
Collective.li
	Developer of a multimedia social platform. The company offers a mobile application which enables users to uploaded images, videos and share in the form of a digital magazine.
	['', 'digital magazine', ' ', 'share photos', ' ', 'share videos', '']
Cortex
	Maker of tools for sharing of online content and multimedia.
	['', 'content sharing', ' ', 'multimedia tool', '']
Wauwaa
	Provider of an online platform for parents to find multimedia content and event-based electronic commerce sales. The company provides a platform which contains a large collection of video interviews with real parents on subjects relating to pregnancy, birth and parenting.
	['', 'multimedia content', ' ', 'electronic commerce sale', ' ', 'content for parent', '']
BubbleGab
	Provider of an online platform for building social networks and websites. The company is the creator of a social plug-in which enables users to create personal websites and networks by leveraging data from blogs and profiles in pre-existing social networks.
	['', 'personal websites', ' ', 'social plug-in', ' ', 'software service', '']
ShareWave
	Provider of semiconductor technology for multimedia-capable wireless home networks. The company provides wireless LAN semiconductor service which provides seamless transmission of multimedia content, including video and audio entertainment.
	['', 'semiconductor technology', ' ', 'wireless semiconductor', ' ', 'seamless transmission', ' ', 'multimedia content', '']
Sports and Things
	Provider of a social networking web site that allows users to share information with family members. The company enables users to create a private page where family can share photos, share life updates, store contact information and post messages.
	['', 'private social network', ' ', 'share photo', ' ', 'share update', '']
Nasza-Klasa
	Provider of social networking platform in Poland. The company\'s website allows users to create profiles, upload photos, chat with friends, find and and connect with classmates at various levels of education.
	['', 'social networking platform', ' classmates']
Chasm.io
	Provider of an online content marketing network. The company has developed a content matching system that analyzes personal interest graphs, categories of influence and network behaviors that allows content producers to present their content to only those influencers who are most likely to consume and share it.
	['', 'social networking', ' ', 'startup assistance', ' ', 'startup guidance', '']
Hyves
	Operator of a social networking platform. The company’s online platform enables users to create personal profiles, share multimedia content including photos, videos and links.
	['', 'online social network', ' ', 'multimedia content', '']
Mochila
	Operator of an online market place for syndicated content from various content providers. The company’s marketplace contains articles, photos, and videos covering hard news and feature stories on various topics, such as health, business, entertainment, fashion, sports, science, and technology. Its online platform helps publishers to build business, content owners to find new value for their content, and advertisers to reach target audience.
	['', 'online market place', ' ', 'online platform', ' ', 'publisher platform', '']
Bragster
	Provider of an online entertainment platform. The company provides social networking platform that enables the user perform dares and challenges.
	['challenge ', 'social network', ' dare']
