Xaar
	Developer of ink jet technologies.
	['']
Elonics
	Developer of radio tuner chip technologies. The company offers radio tuner chip technologies that can be configured to support different standards and frequencies for use in set-top box receivers, PCs and other applications.
	['', 'radio tuner', ' ', 'tuner chip', ' ', 'set-top box', ' radio']
Cataphora
	Developer of data mining technologies. The company develops software technologies for finding patterns and anomalies in digital communications.
	['analytics investigation ', 'behavioral modeling', '']
Luovaliike
	Provider of software-engineering services in Finland. The company provides custom software technologies and network systems for its clients, and is the creator of an online platform for home-health nursing services.
	['', 'care service', ' ', 'healthcare service', ' ', 'mobile application', '']
Ad Valem Technologies
	Provider of data storage and broadcasting services. The company specializes in the broadcasting and management of audiovisual content via its fiber optics distribution software targeting on TV networks, production companies, internet service providers and rights managers.
	['', 'data storage', ' ', 'distribution software', ' ', 'production house', '']
Netia (software)
	Developer of editing software technologies. The company provides software technologies for managing and broadcasting audiovisual content on television and radio.
	['', 'broadcasting television', ' ', 'radio content', ' ', 'audiovisual content', ' ', 'editing software', '']
Kewego
	Provider of business solutions for managing, broadcasting and monetizing videos on Internet, Intranet, mobiles and screen networks. The company provides IP-based, multi-screen video asset management solutions for managing, broadcasting and monetizing videos on PCs, mobile phones, iPads, connected TVs, gaming consoles and other Internet-connected devices. It also provides a Web portal solution that consists of a video portal with personalized player that enables its clients to integrate a Web portal to their Websites.
	['', 'video broadcasting', ' ', 'video monetizing', ' ', 'video portal', ' ', 'video asset management', ' ', 'online video', '']
Progira
	Provider of network and frequency planning services for digital broadcasting companies. The company offers network operators and broadcast business consulting services and software solutions for the planning of digital and analog broadcast networks. It also manufacturers and sells broadcasting equipment in the field of television and radio transmission.
	['', 'broadcasting equipment', ' ', 'digital broadcasting', ' ', 'software solutions', '']
Lacoon Security
	Developer of security software technologies for smartphones and tablets. The company\'s technology can locate and filter smartphone malware via the internet.
	['', 'security software', ' ', 'mobile security', ' ', 'smartphone malware', '']
Replay Solutions
	Developer of software technologies to record and reproduce bugs in applications and servers. The company offers ReplayDIRECTOR, an application that records inputs and events affecting software while it is running, and provides the ability to replay what happened for finding and fixing bugs in the development, test, and production environments; and ReplayDIRECTOR for Java EE, which is a software tool to help Java application teams to develop and manage their applications. It serves financial services organizations, manufacturing companies, SAAS providers, and gaming companies.
	['', 'bug fixing', ' ', 'server monitoring', ' ', 'server security', ' ', 'java application', ' ', 'application testing', ' ', 'software testing', ' ', 'application management', '']
