Encounter Development Technologies
	Provider of end-to-end technology and online marketing services, including design, build, hosting and online marketing support. The company utilizes their pre-built applications to provide the platforms in which to base solutions for businesses looking to utilize video technology to increase online collaboration and interaction.
	['', 'online marketing', ' collaboration ', 'video technology', '']
SmartReceipt
	Provider of personalized nutrition and marketing messages that enable consumers to make better food decisions. The company provides innovative marketing services that enable retailers to generate incremental revenue and influence consumer purchasing decisions.
	['', 'personalized nutrition', ' ', 'nutrition information', ' ', 'consumer purchasing decision', ' ', 'marketing management software', '']
New Media Gateway
	Provider of web-based enterprise marketing services. The company\'s marketing services include search engine marketing, marketing analytics, creative design, email marketing, and serves the agency, franchise, financial, energy, healthcare and insurance industries.
	['', 'marketing software', ' ', 'enterprise marketing', '']
RentMineOnline
	Provider of social network marketing services for the multifamily rental housing industry. The company acts as a referral management tool for the multi-billion dollar apartment rental market. It enables residents to get paid for marketing their properties to friends.
	['', 'rental housing society', ' ', 'referral management program', ' ', 'apartment rental', '']
Instytut Rozwoju Reklamy
	Provider of marketing services. The company operates as a full service advertising agency developing internet media campaigns and interactive advertisements for business organizations.
	['', 'interactive advertisement', ' ', 'internet media campaigns', ' ', 'media campaigns', '']
Pulpo Media
	Provider of technology enabled marketing services. The company works with leading online advertisers to help them dynamically localize and tailor their offerings for their diverse target markets.
	['', 'marketing service', ' ', 'online advertisement', ' ', 'diverse market', '']
XLMedia
	Provider of digital publishing and marketing services. provides marketing services to online gambling operators and develops proprietary tools and methodologies to drive high value users.
	['', 'digital publishing', ' ', 'marketing services', ' ', 'proprietary tools', '']
Pictoris Interactive
	Provider of internet marketing services. The company offers interactive agency services with clients including Accor, Groupe Danone and Lotus.
	['', 'internet marketing', ' ', 'Management consulting', ' intranets']
LSF Network
	Provider of online performance marketing and advertising services. The company offers strategic planning services, including information capture, research media, competitive analysis, segmentation strategy, ROI calculations, and reach and frequency measuring; and creative services for banners, landing pages, email, community Websites, node pages, interactive videos, online promotions, viral marketing, and promotion capture forms.
	['', 'online performance marketing', ' ', 'strategic planning', ' ', 'segmentation strategy', ' ', 'IT services', '']
HammerKit
	Operator of a cloud technology company. The company offers an online toolset to allow creation and deployment of web applications that cater to business, marketing and communications needs. It focuses on the PR and marketing industry.
	['', 'cloud technology', ' ', 'PR industry', ' ', 'Cloud Software', ' ', 'digital production', ' ', 'web designing', '']
VoiceStar
	Provider of call tracking software and pay-per-call technology for advertising and marketing agency. The company is a provider of call tracking software and pay-per-call technology for advertising and marketing agency which helps them to track the success of advertising and demonstrate return on investment to clients.
	['', 'call tracking', ' ', 'marketing data management', ' ', 'call placement', '']
Cima Systems
	Provider of marketing communications tools for the automotive industry. The company\'s marketing communication systems enables dealership\'s interaction with customers and prospects. It also enables dealers to fix appointments via web and automated phone and provides ROI analysis on marketing campaigns.
	['', 'marketing system', ' ', 'marketing communication', ' ', 'CRM system', ' ', 'communication system', ' ', 'ROI analysis', '']
El Dorado Marketing Group
	Provider of marketing services. The company focuses on reaching the Hispanic-American community with direct-to-consumer messaging services.
	['', 'messaging services', ' ', 'American community', ' ', 'consumer marketing', '']
Bigfoot Interactive
	Developer and provider of marketing analytic tools. The company provides market data, market analytic and strategy, social campaign and email plans as marketing tools.
	['']
Netcentives
	Provider of a suite of programs for relationship marketing technologies and services. The company delivers personalized email, rewards and recognition marketing technologies and programs that increase efficiency and productivity.
	['', 'direct marketing service', ' ', 'relationship marketing', ' ', 'marketing technology', '']
