XOsphere
	Developer of mobile content management applications. The company\'s products enables marketers to develop and deploy rich media content to mobile devices. The company\'s services include consulting, conceptual planning, development, deployment, hosting, reporting/analytics, integration and billing and end-user management.
	['', 'content management', ' ', 'mobile content management applications', ' ', 'rich media content', '']
Venmo
	Provider of text messaging-based digital wallet payment system. The company is a social payments platform that makes it easy for friends to exchange money using their phones.
	['', 'bill payment', ' ', 'text messaging', '']
kwiry
	Provider of a text message reminder service. The company works by allowing users to text message the number 59479 (k-w-i-r-y) with anything they may want to remember later.
	['', 'reminder service', ' ', 'text message reminder', ' ', 'online reminder service', '']
Fundamo
	Provider of financial services through mobile phones. The company provides financial services platform which allows mobile network operators and financial institutions to launch services to meet their requirements. It also also offers banking and allows users to make payments from their mobile phone.
	['', 'mobile financial services', ' ', 'mobile banking', ' ', 'mobile network operator', '']
Snaptu
	Provider of online solutions for mobile devices. The company offers Snaptu, an application that turns Websites into mobile phone applications. It serves online service providers, media companies and content owners, mobile network operators and content aggregators, and system integrators.
	['', 'online solution', ' ', 'mobile solution', ' ', 'mobile application', '']
Excilan
	Provider of payment and authentication platform. The company allows mobile subscribers to access and pay for public WLAN services using their mobile telephone numbers.
	['payment wifi roaming wlan']
Azuki Systems
	Provider of over-the-top optimized multi-screen video technology services. The company operates a web-based platform that enables service providers, mobile operators and brand-name media to combine the power of over-the-top delivery with the highest quality of user experience, content protection, scale and reliability.
	['', 'video technology services', ' ', 'web-based platform', ' ', 'video delivery', '']
Alchip Technologies
	Provider of silicon design and manufacturing services for companies developing complex and high-volume system-on-chip (SoC) designs. The company provides services intended to enable customers to cost-effectively address increasing technological complexity of silicon design and the need to reduce time to market. It targets customers that address rapid growing and high-volume end markets, such as entertainment devices, mobile phones, HDTV, communications equipment, computers and other consumer electronic products.
	['', 'silicon design', ' ', 'manufacturing services', ' ', 'design services', ' ', 'system-on-chip', '']
Packet Shaper Technologies
	Provider of software solutions and hosted services to the telecommunications industry in the Asia Pacific. The company provides Soft Switch Prix, a carrier-class deployment platform that allows service providers, ISVs, and OEMs to develop and deploy converged communication services; a calling cards platform that features call waiting, call forwarding, conferencing, and voicemail options; and a calling card hosted service to build a private-label pre-paid phone card business. It also offers Predictive Dialer, an outbound campaigns management solution for telemarketing and telesales teams; DialPrix, an outbound customer contact solution; SMS gateway, an SMS transit service for transforming messages to mobile network traffic from other media; and Email2sms, a solution that translates email messages into text messages and forwards to mobile networks.
	['telecommunication ', 'calling card', ' ', 'IVR platform', ' voicemail conferencing ', 'call forwarding', ' ', 'bandwidth management', ' ', 'wireless networking', '']
Cellnext Solutions
	Provider of mobile VAS and enterprise services for mobile operators, media companies, and content providers enterprises. The company offers CellPAY, a mobile payment platform that enables customers to make payments using their mobile phones; CellMONEY, a mobile electronic pre-paid voucher that is distributed electronically via mobile phones; Wizone, a Web-based application for running text message mobile; cellPUSH, which allows high volume outgoing messages; Cellxpress shortcode platform, WHICH captures incoming messages on short access numbers and mobile content sale; Global Messaging Engine, which captures incoming messages and focuses on providing access numbers to the end users; cellDIAL, which enables automated out dial calls for enterprises; and cellPAPER, an MMS based platform that provides a new idea to publish rich content on mobile.
	['', 'mobile payment platform', ' ', 'mobile VAS', ' ', 'mobile advertising', ' ', 'product authentication', '']
Inaura
	Provider of mobile computing platform. The company\'s platform helps in simplifying the delivery of applications and services to end-users across the distributed enterprise and also enables an enterprise to deploy web services and provide safe and secure mobility of enterprise resources to the end users.
	['', 'mobile computing platform', ' ', 'application delivery', ' ', 'distributed enterprise', '']
MogoTix
	Provider of a mobile ticketing service for events. The company\'s services are used to send event tickets to attendees\' cell phones through text messages for parties, fundraisers and conferences.
	['', 'mobile ticketing service', ' ', 'event website', ' ', 'mobile QR code', ' ', 'event hosting', ' ', 'ticket distribution', '']
