Tripod Energy
	Developer of energy projects that provide solar power to local communities and large energy buyers. The company is a special situation investment vehicle for solar projects which engages in all stages from solar project development to power plant completion.
	['', 'solar project investment', ' ', 'investment vehicle', ' ', 'solar power investor', '']
Tioga Energy
	Provider of solar power purchasing services. The company owns, operates and maintains solar photovoltaic energy systems through power purchase agreements. It offers solar electric system assessment, designing, engineering, installation, maintaining and equipment monitoring services. It also provides certification services.
	['', 'solar power', ' ', 'power purchase', ' ', 'solar photovoltaic', ' ', 'clean energy', ' photovoltaic ', 'solar electric', ' ', 'solar certification', '']
Solar Industries
	Manufacturer and marketer of solar-power components. The company pursued a growth and buy-and-build strategy along the value chain for solar-module production and marketing. The company operated multiple production facilities for solar modules.
	['photovoltaic ', 'photovoltaic cell', ' ', 'photovoltaic products', '']
Usolie-Sibirsky Silicon
	Manufacturer of polycrystalline silicon. The company is the manufacturer of a silicon product used as a basic semiconductor material in microelectronics, electric power and solar energy. The company operates manufacturing plants to produce materials for the further development of Russian microelectronics for solar-power generation.
	['', 'manufacturing plant', ' ', 'polycrystalline silicon', ' ', 'silicon plant', ' semiconductor']
GreenVolts
	Developer of concentrating photovoltaic (CPV) technology. The company also supplies solar power to the utilities companies.
	['', 'concentrating potovoltaic', ' ', 'solar energy', ' ', 'solar power', ' ', 'green technology', ' ', 'clean technology', '']
Alliant Protection Services
	Provider of regional security alarm systems. The company installs and control systems for both residential and commercial customers.
	['', 'burglar alarms', ' ', 'fire detection alarms', ' ', 'video surveillance cameras', ' CCTV']
Panosol
	Provider of solar thermal and photovoltaic services. The company provides solar panels and solar heating in homes.
	['', 'solar thermal', ' ', 'photovoltaic service', ' ', 'solar heating', ' ', 'solar panel', '']
Helioris Solar Systems
	Developer of a solar energy technology. The company is developing a proprietary technology for solar thermal fields, where electricity is generated by concentrating solar power to heat fluid, which is used to drive turbines. The company\'s system is arrange to utilize the topology of the terrain as well as the sun\'s motion to heat thermal liquid in receiver units.
	['topology ', 'solar thermal field', ' ', 'solar technology', '']
Guandong Dongpeng Ceramics Co.
	Manufacturer of porcelain, ceramic tiles and sanitary ware. The company provides glazed and unglazed porcelain and marble tiles.
	['', 'porcelain tiles', ' ', 'floor tiles', ' ', 'house decoration', '']
PowerLight
	Designer of solar power systems for commercial, public sector and residential customers. The company provides solar roof tiles and angled solar panels, as well as roof, ground and elevated-parking solar power systems.
	['', 'solar power system', ' ', 'solar roof tile', ' ', 'solar panel', '']
HelioVolt
	Manufacturer of thin-film solar panels. The company operates a manufacturing and research center, creating thin-film solar photovoltaic modules that can be mounted on commercial rooftops, used to create utility-scale, ground-mounted power-generation systems, building-integrated power systems and custom installations.
	['', 'solar panel', ' ', 'thin film', ' ', 'solar photovoltaic', ' PV BIPV']
REEL Solar Power
	Developer of thin-film photovoltaic technology. The company has developed a proprietary process for rapid electroplating on large surface areas, enabling the manufacture of large cadmium telluride solar panels.
	['', 'solar cell production', ' ', 'solar module', ' electroplating']
Latitude Solar
	Manufacturer of solar panels. The company manufactures photovoltaic solar panels from  polycrystalline silicon that is housed under 4mm hardened glass.
	['', 'polycrystalline silicon', ' ', 'photovoltaic solar', ' ', 'solar panel', '']
