American Overseas Group
	Provider of non-standard auto insurance. The company operates as a professional reinsurer through subsidiaries in Bermuda and Barbados, provides management services in the U.S. and offers captive management services in Bermuda and Barbados.
	['', 'auto insurance', ' ', 'management services', ' ', 'professional reinsurer', '']
Care Team Connect
	Provider of a care coordination platform. The company provides a technology platforms to coordinate between hospitals, community providers, family members, and patients. It provides solutions for clinical and financial performance throughout the continuum of care.
	['', 'care technology platform', ' ', 'care coordination platform', ' ', 'care management', '']
Openshift
	Developer of deployment and management services in the cloud. The company provides a virtual "application capsule" to run business critical web applications with self-service deployment and management built in.
	['', 'virtual application capsule', ' ', 'deployment service', ' ', 'virtual application', ' ', 'business application', '']
Health and Productivity Corporation of America
	Provider of health care management services. The company provides a continuum of care management services integrating health management, disease management, complex care management, disability management, workers\' compensation management and case management services.
	['', 'health care management', ' ', 'health care service', ' ', 'disease management', ' ', 'complex care', ' ', 'disability management', '']
Boston Heart Diagnostics
	Provider of cardiovascular disease management services. The company provides cholesterol balance test and Boston Heart Navigator. It also conducts studies for the pharma industry and health care research organizations to support drug and therapy trials.
	['', 'cardiovascular disease management', ' ', 'cholesterol balance test', ' ', 'healthcare research', ' ', 'cardiovascular disease', '']
CleveX
	Provider of skin biopsy and wound care management products. The company provides ExiClip, a surgical device that eliminates the surgery and suture approach used by medical professionals to remove skin lesions, and improves patient outcomes.
	['', 'skin biopsy', ' ', 'cosmetic surgery', ' ', 'surgical devices', ' ', 'skin lesion', '']
Digital Healthcare
	Provider of healthcare information technology. The company provides image management and storage solutions for the Ophthalmology sector with core competencies in clinical information and patient care management.
	['', 'ophthalmology', ' ', 'healthcare technology', '']
Imperative Health
	Provider of technology services for personalized weight management. The company is focused on providing ground-breaking health management technology services to address high-risk health conditions, including diabetes, high blood pressure, obesity and raised cholesterol.
	['', 'weight management', ' ', 'health management technology', ' ', 'behavioural change system', ' ', 'technology platform', '']
Presidium Holdings
	Provider of managed care and administrative services for worker\'s compensation. The company provides complete set of claims management and managed care services that allow self-insured, mid-sized companies to manage their workers\' compensation.
	['', 'administrative services', ' ', "worker\\'s compensation", ' ', 'claim management', '']
Probity Medical Transcription
	Provider of clinical documentation services and integrated technologies to healthcare providers. It provides electronic medical transcription and document management services to the health care industry.
	['', 'clinical documentation', ' ', 'healthcare integrated technology', ' ', 'electronic medical transcription', ' ', 'document management', '']
Thap
	Provider of internet application services. The company works with private and public employers to improve their health and disability management programs.
	['attendance public']
Novalis
	Provider of outsourced management services for provider sponsored managed care networks. The company provides administrative, management and computing services to physician networks and managed care companies.
	['', 'management service', ' ', 'care network', ' ', 'physician network', '']
Sanovia
	Provider of pharmacy management services. The company focuses on pharmaceutical administration, validation, utilization, cost, workflow management, fraud, abuse management and technology services.
	['', 'managed care', ' ', 'pharmaceutical administration', ' ', 'PA Logic', '']
Accelion
	Provider of management services for hospitals and health systems. The company partners with hospitals and health systems to optimize the performance of home-care agencies.
	['', 'home health service', ' ', 'infusion pump', ' ', 'pharmacy technician', ' ', 'home care service', '']
CyberIQ Systems
	Provider of website management services. The company uses its expertise in Internet traffic and content management along with acceleration technology to make websites and web applications faster and more reliable.
	['', 'website management', ' ', 'internet traffic', ' ', 'web application', '']
Omnimark Technlogies
	Developer and distributor of load and application management.
	['', 'load management', ' ', 'application management', '']
Vivra Specialty Partners
	Provides physician network and disease management services. The company operates as a managed care services in various specialties, including asthma and allergy, cardiology, urology, neurology, diabetes, orthopedics, dialysis/nephrology, ENT, and OB/GYN.
	['', 'multispeciality clinic', ' ', 'healthcare services', '']
