Vidus
	Provider of field service automation solutions.
	['', 'field automation', ' ', 'field automation service', ' ', 'field service solution', '']
inCode Consulting
	Provider of business strategy and technology consulting to telecommunications companies, handset and infrastructure vendors, and enterprises. The company offers business case analysis, hardware and software requirements, system integration, program management, and support services. It also provides customized mobile solutions for fleet, field service, field sales, supply chain, radio-frequency identification, WLAN and other enterprise wireless and mobility areas.
	['', 'telecom advisor', ' ', 'strategy consultant', ' ', 'industry consultant', ' ', 'telecom consultant', ' ', 'technology consulting', '']
Spacient Technologies
	Provider of enterprise technology and mobile computing solutions for the utilities and telecommunications industries with a focus on mobile GIS and field service automation. The company delivers software and professional services that enable organizations to improve operational efficiency, asset management and customer service.
	['', 'web application', ' ', 'mobile application', ' ', 'field computing solutions', ' GIS GPS ', 'Global Positioning System', '']
FieldMaster Solutions
	Developer of service automation solutions that combines Internet-based service management and dispatch system. The company develops mobile field service management and productivity software for small businesses and provides work order management and field technician productivity tools.
	['', 'field service', ' ', 'productivity software', ' ', 'customer service', ' ', 'work order management', '']
Thinque Systems
	Provider of mobile enterprise applications for sales force automation and field force automation. The company develops and markets wireless, mobile electronic customer relationship management and field force automation software services.
	['', 'mobile enterprise', ' ', 'sales force automation', ' ', 'field force automation', '']
Enigmatec
	Provider of automation solutions for physical and virtual resource management. The company offers Execution Management System, an automation solution to implement run book automation solutions that describe the process of cataloguing, codifying, testing, and automating the manual, scripted, and ad hoc procedures used to manage information technology (IT) environments.
	['resource management automation ', 'user interface', '']
Ederena Concept
	Provider of electronic designs. The company engages in the field of industrial mechanics.
	['', 'electronic designs', ' ', 'mechanical designs', ' ', 'consulting solution', ' ', 'construction and engineering', '']
ForHealth Technologies
	Provider of automation technology for intravenous drug preparation.
	['', 'automation technology', ' ', 'intravenous drug', ' ', 'robotic system', '']
SG5 Innovation
	Provider of a enterprise marketing automation service. The company offers GoSource technology, which provides private and secure online workspace to a buyer, a group of buyer and preferred suppliers
	['', 'automation service', ' ', 'online workspace', ' ', 'information technology', '']
Newspage
	Developer of worldwide mobile applications. The company\'s products include services like enterprise services, sales force automation services, field force management system for organizations, delivery of retail merchandising, pickup and delivery of consignments, field service and logistics.
	['', 'web application', ' ', 'consumer good', ' ', 'enterprise service', ' ', 'retail merchandising', '']
