SoloMio
	Provider of integrated subscriber call management services for mobile, fixed line and broadband service providers. The company primarily focuses on providing call completion, mobility and convergence services. The company also provides a network-based software which integrates with existing mobile and fixed line network infrastructure and messaging platforms, managing voice and data sessions.
	['', 'call management', ' ', 'call completion', ' ', 'data interaction', ' ', 'call monitoring', ' ', 'call capture', '']
Novas
	Provider of design comprehension solutions. The company\'s solutions enhance verification of complex Ics, embedded systems and SoCs, Novas global community serves its users, third party technology and service providers.
	['design ', 'third party', ' verification simulation']
Applied Digital Access
	Provider of network performance management solutions to telecommunications service providers. The company focuses on systems, software and services that manage the performance, quality, reliability and availability of telecommunications service provider\'s networks.
	['', 'telecommunications service', ' ', 'Network Performance Management', '']
Syndesis
	Developer of Operations Support Systems (OSS) software that automates the provisioning process for telecommunications service providers. The company\'s product  helps telecommunication companies bring services to their customers.
	['', 'Operations Support Systems', ' ', 'Programming Services', ' ', 'software development', '']
New Moon Systems
	Provider of non-internet mobile software services. The company\'s services enables enterprises and service providers to centrally deliver and manage their software assets across hundreds and thousands of user desktops. The company\'s iQ application management platform is used to intelligently deploy and manage Windows applications across private and public networks.
	['windows ', 'software platform', ' ', 'IQ application', '']
Optical Solutions
	Provider of fiber-optic communications systems for the local access markets. The company provides optical networks for voice, video and data to service providers. The company\'s customers are facilities-based service providers including independent telephone companies, competitive and incumbent local exchange carriers, utilities, municipalities and housing developers.
	['', 'Communications Equipment', ' telecommunications ', 'communications systems', ' ', 'optical networks', '']
Abatis Systems
	Developer of consumable IP networking software. The company develops software that are based on the business services architecture, designed to let carriers leverage their existing core networks and deploy IP services.
	['', 'networking software', ' ', 'business services architecture', ' ', 'consumable internet proticol', '']
4Home
	Provider of software and services for OEM networking hardware partners and broadband service providers. The company focuses on developing an XML-based software and services platform that enables OEM hardware vendors and service providers to deliver compelling applications and services into the connected home. It offers of connected home services, which include energy management, home security and monitoring, media management, and home health.
	['', 'home security', ' ', 'energy management', ' ', 'home health', ' ', 'connected home', ' ', 'home services', '']
Sling Media
	Provider of video placeshifting products and services for consumers and television service providers. The company\'s product family includes Slingbox, a device enabling consumers to access their living room television experience at any time, from any location, using a variety of different displays including laptops and desktop PCs, PDAs and smartphones.
	['', 'internet TV', ' ', 'online television', '']
ZeitNet
	Provider of high-quality, low-cost solutions for connecting workgroups and servers to high-performance ATM networks. The company brings a line of software products, including its Z-ATM Stack software, that allows ATM-connected clients to communicate over both ATM networks and existing LANs. The software, interoperable with other ATM products, consists of ATM Forum- compliant software modules for Internet Protocol (IP) over ATM, LAN Emulation (LANE), Interim Local Management Interface (ILMI), Signaling and ATM Adaptation Layer (AAL).
	['', 'vital link', ' ', 'ATM adapter', ' ', 'circuit boards', ' switches ', 'traffic accounting', '']
Enterupt
	Operator of an online platform for advertisement. The company\'s faceified service enables sellers, service providers and agents to generate more leads, track their listings performance and unlock their reputations on classifieds sites.
	['', 'faceified service', ' ', 'service providers', ' ', 'information services', '']
NetOps
	Developer of software products for testing, infrastructure health monitoring and fault detection. The company develops predictive analysis software for DSL and cable modem service providers.
	['', 'software products', ' ', 'infrastructure health monitoring', ' ', 'fault detection', ' ', 'cable modem service providers', ' testing']
Clarent
	Provider of networked internet telephony services for long distance phone calling service providers. The company enables service providers to deliver simultaneous transmission of voice, fax and data over internet protocol network.
	['VoIP ', 'communication service', ' ', 'internet telephony', '']
NetEdge Systems
	Designer and manufacturer of multi-service Automated Teller Machine (ATM) access concentrators. The company designs and develops multi-service access concentrators for ATMs which enables service providers to provide public data, voice, and video services.
	['', 'automated teller machine', ' ', 'access concentrator', ' ', 'computer system', '']
NWIX
	Provider of communications infrastructure services for companies. The company offers its clients and partners such as telecommunications carriers, internet service providers (ISPs), application service providers (ASPs), content providers and systems integrators (SIs) with bandwidth.
	['', 'IT Services', '']
BroadHop
	Provider of policy control and service management. The company provides policy control services to telecom service providers to make control, monetize and personalize any service, regardless of whether the network has new or legacy components, in-network or third-party services, wired or wireless access technologies.
	['', 'network control', ' ', 'network management', ' ', 'network policy management', '']
Nexabit Networks
	Designer and manufacturer of switch/router equipment for carrier and service provider networks. The company\'s product enables service providers to offer real-time services and accommodate the bandwidth demands.
	['', 'electronic equipment', ' ', 'router equipment', ' ', 'service provider networks', ' ', 'network equipment', '']
Nissi Media
	Provider of an internet telecommunication platform. The company provides an integrated and scalable platform to telecommunications carriers, internet service providers and other telecommunication service providers which enables them to provide their users a wide range functions.
	['', 'internet telecommunication', ' ', 'integrated platform', ' ', 'internet service', '']
NextPoint Networks
	Provider of secure connectivity software to telecommunications providers.
	['software program appplication ', 'secure connectivity software', '']
Ikanos Communications
	Provider of semiconductors and software for interactive broadband. The company develops high performance semiconductor and software products that enable network equipment manufacturers and service providers to deliver broadband to the digital home.
	['', 'semiconductor manufacturing', ' ', 'interactive broadband', ' ', 'broadband software', ' ', 'fabless semiconductor', ' ', 'digital subscriber line', '']
Intelepeer (Voice Peering Business)
	Provider of direct IP connections to global service providers. The company is a provider of carrier-class voice-peering infrastructure, designed to deliver transmission of voice and related rich-media services to users\' wireline or wireless device of choice.
	['', 'voice transmission', ' ', 'rich media', ' VoIP']
CableMatrix Technologies
	Provider of policy management software platforms and tools. The company enables service providers to deploy the internet services and offers on demand service platform (ODSP) policy server that enables bandwidth management on a per customer and per application basis.
	['', 'bandwidth management', ' ', 'internet application', ' ', 'service provider', '']
TAZZ Networks
	Developer of policy control software for broadband service providers. The company is helping service providers and telephone carriers to build TDM, Frame, ATM and IP networks .
	['', 'Policy control software', ' ', ' broadband service providers', '  TDM']
Vivace Networks
	Manufacturer of multi-protocol label switching networking products. The company provides optical service creation platforms for service providers for the next generation public data network.
	['', 'networking equipment', ' switches multi-protocol']
Odigo
	Provider of instant messaging and presence management services to wireless carriers and service providers. The company also provides related services, including private-label IM client development, IM service hosting and installation.
	['', 'instant messaging', ' ', 'wireless carrier', ' ', 'service hosting', ' ', 'client development', '']
