Outside.In
	Provider of a data and technology platform that develops, organizes, and distributes hyperlocal news online. The company monitors news, blogs, and discussions on the Web and maps it to offline locations for the discovery and sharing of hyperlocal news and information.
	['', 'news distribution', ' ', 'technology platform', '']
Westside Today
	Publisher and distributor of monthly community news magazines to the upscale communities. They offer information pertaining to celebrities, politics, society, environment and everyday news.
	['', 'community news', ' ', 'celebrity news', ' ', 'publishing news', ' ', 'monthly news', ' ', 'political news', '']
La Estrella Digital
	Operator of an e-newspaper. The company provides news on emerging markets, finance, international news, management, politics and technology.
	['', 'e-newspaper', ' ', 'emerging markets', ' politics']
Medcast Networks
	Provider of Internet-based medical news and information services. The company provides breaking medical news, education and other information electronically every morning to physicians throughout the United States.
	['', 'medical news', ' ', 'medical education', ' ', 'electronic medical news', '']
Metal-Pages
	Provider of online information for non-ferrous metals, ferro alloys and rare earths. The company also provides a daily news service for the global metal commodity markets and a bi-weekly metal prices service.
	['', 'internet portal', ' ', 'non-ferrous metal', ' ', 'ferro alloy', '']
Silicon Media Group
	Provider of news and information for information technology industry. The company also provides personalized and real-time news and information for IT professionals.
	['', 'online news', ' ', 'information technology', ' ', 'IT news', '']
Viigo
	Developer of a content mobilization platform. The company offers News and RSS module for news, insights, and blogs; Weather module, which allows users to view the current temperature and forecasts for cities around the world; Sports module that provides live event updates, schedules, and results; and Business and Finance module that enables users to create and follow their own stock portfolio, calculate exchange rates, or even manage their online accounts.
	['sports weather ', 'finance module', ' ', 'portfolio management', ' weather']
BiTnews Media
	Operator of a video news platform. The company is a crowd-powered news channel focusing on decentralization initiatives and technologies such as crypto currencies, P2P energy grids, urban farming, direct democracy, three dimensional printing, decentralized internet, mesh networks and others.
	['', 'video news platform', ' ', 'digital currency', ' ', 'media platform', ' ', 'decentralized technology', '']
Individual.com
	Provider of individually customized news and information that is delivered to business people over the internet. The company collects articles from various news services, sorts them by company and topic and sends a daily news email to each user.
	['', 'news service', ' ', 'online news', '']
Hashable
	Provider of information about companies, industries, and business people over the Internet to general business users. The company subsequently pivoted to create Hashable, a mobile introductions check-in service. Tracked.com has been kept live as of June 1, 2011 however ongoing development has been put on hold to further pursue Hashable.
	['', 'company information', ' ', 'industry information', ' ', 'business information', ' ', 'online infomation', ' ', 'check-in', ' ', 'social networking', '']
Angstro
	Provider of online business news articles. The company offers online information discovering and sharing services.
	['', 'online information', ' ', 'business news', ' ', 'service sharing', '']
Handmark
	Developer of mobile media services for mobile devices. The company offers Tantao News Mobile Reader for BlackBerry smartphones that features global and domestic news generated by Chinese news sources.
	['', 'entertainment tool', ' ', 'mobile reader', ' ', 'signature rating', ' ', 'online reservation', ' database']
