Power Innovations International
	Provider of services for power management, power storage and green energy technologies for power generation and re-generation. The company also offers consulting and customization of original equipment manufacturer development accessories.
	['', 'power management', ' ', 'power generation', ' ', 'power storage', '']
Sinewave Energy Technologies
	Developer of power-modulation systems. The company researches and develops sinewave power-control products based on its patented, ultra-high-speed power-switching technology. The company\'s products include digital sinewave lighting dimmers for high intensity discharge (HID) and fluorescent lighting.
	['', 'light dimmer', ' ', 'power modulation', ' ESD HID ', 'lighting products', '']
Qspeed Semiconductor
	Manufacturer of silicon power semiconductor devices for power supplies, inverters, motor control and other power applications. The company also offers power diodes.
	['', 'silicon power semiconductor', ' ', 'power diodes', ' ', 'motor control', '']
Gnodal
	Developer of a technology that improves performance and power in data centers. The company\'s technology aims to significantly reduce power usage and running costs.
	['', 'systems design', ' ', 'data technology', ' ', 'data centre', '']
NuScale Power
	Designer of electric light water reactor nuclear power plants for nuclear power generation applications in government and commercial sectors in the United States. The company offers single-unit systems and multi-module facilities.
	['', 'small modular reactor', ' ', 'nuclear power plant', ' ', 'energy service', '']
Inverpower Controls
	Manufacturer of power electronics modules and advanced high-speed digital controls. The company manufactures products for use in industrial power supply, power conversion and power quality systems.
	['', 'electronic module', ' power']
Benchmarq
	Provider of power-sensitive and portable electronic systems. The company provides integrated IC and module solutions that address problems in managing battery-operated, low-power, and power-sensitive equipment.
	['ic battery']
Wiffledan
	Developer of photo capturing application. The company finds amazing photos hidden inside video through the power of technology. It is supported by an iOS app.
	['', 'photo capturing application', ' ', 'photo framing application', ' ', 'photo application', '']
MobileWise
	Provider of wire- free electric power technology specially for mobile devices. The company offers Wire-Free Electric Power chipsets to mobile, networking and power accessories OEM and aftermarket manufacturers.
	['', 'electric chipsets', ' ', 'application specific semiconductors', ' ', 'information technology', '']
Apache Design Solutions
	Developer of physical design and verification software solutions for the semiconductor industry. The company provides power sign-off and silicon integrity platform solutions. It\'s products enables designers of semiconductor and fabless companies to detect, fix, and prevent design weaknesses. It\'s solutions include power integrity, low power management, and noise control.
	['', 'semiconductor design', ' ', 'semiconductor verification', ' ', 'verification software', ' ', 'silicon integrity', ' ', 'power management', ' ', 'noise control', ' ', 'power integrity noise control', '']
Biotricity
	Provider of biofuel power-generating and processing services. The company is a biomass-processing, co-generation power station developer. The company is developing a 50-megawatt plant in Rhode, Ireland.
	['', 'biomass', ' irish ', 'biomass energy', '']
Nokian Capacitors
	Manufacturer of power system components and capacitors. The company manufactures equipment and systems for reactive power compensation and harmonic filtering.
	['capacitors ', 'system component', ' filtering']
Photonic Power Systems
	Provider of power over optical fiber. The company provides EMI and RFI immune electrical power to remote locations with no electrical wire. The company’s products include photovoltaic power converters and modules, optically powered data links and high power optical data systems, which are used in  medical, electric power, sensor and wireless markets.
	['', 'optical fiber', ' ', 'photovoltaic power', ' sensor']
Ideal Power
	Developer of power converters. The company develops and manufactures disruptive electronic power converters. It also offers electronic power converters for renewable energy generation, electrical energy efficiency, smart power grids and electric vehicles. The company also provides photovoltaic inverters and battery converters for grid storage and electrified vehicle fast charging infrastructure, such as peak demand reduction in commercial and industrial markets, utility load shifting, buffering EV fast chargers and bi-directional EV DC chargers. In addition, it offers hybrid power conversion systems and power switches.
	['', 'PV Inverters', ' ', 'Battery Converters', ' ', '3-Port Hybrid Converters', ' ', 'Bi-polar', ' inverters']
PulseWave RF
	Provider of semiconductor components for wireless power amplifiers. The company offers Class M Power technology, a digital multi-carrier power amplifier module that simplifies the design for transmitters and provides the scalability required for various power level configurations, including fail-soft operation.
	['', 'semiconductor component', ' ', 'wireless power amplifier', ' ', 'amplifier module', ' ', 'digital multi carrier', '']
Silicon Power
	Provider of semiconductor devices, pulsed-power modules and utility-applicable systems. The company offers semiconductor components, which include rectifier type diodes and thyristorsm, phase control and line commutation devices, pulse power application device and phase modules. It offers its products for use in commercial, industrial, defense and national power applications.
	['', 'semiconductor device', ' ', 'pulsed-power module', ' ', 'utility-applicable system', ' ', 'semiconductor component', ' ', 'line commutation device', '']
Calypto Design Systems
	Provider of power optimization and functional verification software services. The company offers PowerPro CG that reads in an RTL design and evaluates circuit behavior in various clock cycles to identify sequential clock gating enable conditions; PowerPro MG, an automated memory power optimization service that reduces dynamic and leakage memory power; and PowerPro-filer, a Linux utility that calculates clock-gating efficiency, as well as the percentage of registers clock gated in a RTL design block.
	['circuit ', 'functional verification', ' ', 'electronic system', '']
