Omniture
	Provider of online business optimization software. The company hosts and delivers Omniture Online Marketing Suite, as an on-demand solution, as well as an on-premise solution that consists of Open Business Analytics Platform and integrated set of optimization applications for online analytics, channel analytics, visitor acquisition and conversion.
	['software data warehouse information']
Stellr
	Provider of data analytics platform. The company develops a suite of software as a service (SaaS) analytics technologies.
	['', 'data analytic', ' ', 'analytic technology', ' ', 'cloud based portal', ' ', 'data analytic portal', '']
Everdream
	Provider of on-demand software and managed services for desktop management. The company provides software-as-a-service (SaaS) solutions for remote-service management. It offers compliance software services suite that provides visibility into hardware and software assets, tracks software license usage, and automates the distribution of software to ensure regulatory compliance to the computers; and up-time software services suite that provides protection against Internet attacks, hackers, and loss of critical data through malware protection, patch management, and online data backup services.
	['', 'desktop management', ' SaaS ', 'on demand software', ' ', 'service management', ' ', 'remote-service management', ' ', 'compliance software', ' ', 'software license', ' ', 'internet protection', ' ', 'malware protection', ' ', 'patch management', ' ', 'data backup', '']
MarketYze
	Provider of an e-commerce market intelligence data to online retailers. The company offers a cloud-based platform that tracks and analyzes product prices across competitors to provide retailers with the pricing data and analytics.
	['', 'market intelligence', ' ', 'online retailers', ' ', 'pricing data', '']
Aster Data Systems
	Provider of parallel processing databases for data warehousing and analytics. The company provides analytics, data loading performance, data growth, query performance, administration, scaling solutions, self-management, analytics center, analytic data pipeline discovery, educational, sales engineering, consulting, support, training services.
	['', 'data warehousing', ' ', 'analytics solution', ' ', 'sales engineering', ' ', 'data growth', ' ', 'data warehouse services', '']
Maestro Commerce
	Provider of an e-commerce software platform. The company is the creator of a hosted suite of software tools enabling companies to operate as online vendors. The software provides users with online storefronts, merchandising, catalogs and inventory control.
	['', 'e-commerce software', ' ', 'scalable application suite', ' ', 'e-business products', ' ', 'application services', ' ', 'application service provider', ' ', 'dot-com companies', '']
Metanautix
	Provider of big data analytics software. The company builds big data analytics systems for large enterprises.
	['', 'Big data', ' ', 'analytic service', ' ', 'data analystics system', '']
ES Enterprise Solutions
	Provider of an online software service.
	['', 'online software', ' ', 'virtual software', ' ', 'software service', '']
Progentix Orthobiology
	Manufacturer of orthopedic bone graft materials. The company develops a suite of osteoinductive material products for clinical application in bone regenerative surgery.
	['', 'bone grafting', ' ', 'osteoinductive materials', ' ', 'one regenerative surgery', ' orthopedic']
AGILEci
	Provider of an online application for data analytics and insight propositions for sales and marketing users. The company offers a secure Web browser application that works on desktops, laptops and tablets which helps enterprises to know their customers.
	['', 'data analytic', ' ', 'Web browser application', ' astute ', 'insight proposition', '']
RightsCube
	Provider of a data and analytics platform for publishers. The company provides actionable insights, data and feedback to the book publishers about their market, customers and retail partners. It also provides a standardized source for all of the world\'s film and TV rights information.
	['', 'analytics platform', ' ', 'data platform', ' ', 'publishers platform', ' ', 'retailer auditing', ' ', 'film rights information', '']
Katkar Flink
	Provider of a platform that provides online sale information to customers. The company provides data analytics to help online shoppers discover deals.
	['', 'retailing service', ' ', 'online sale information', ' ', 'data analytics', '']
