Encore Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of drugs for clinical applications in the pharmaceutical and nutritional fields. The company\'s products enables treatment and prevention of cancer, neurologic and cardiovascular diseases.
	['', 'drug development', ' ', 'proprietary products', ' ', 'bio-pharmaceutical research', ' ', 'clinical applications', '']
Gensia Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of drugs to treat cardiovascular diseases. The company\'s drug research programmes involve technology based on purine-pyrimidine metabolism, which have application in the treatment of cardiovascular, cerebrovascular and neurological diseases.
	['', 'cardiovascular diseases', ' ', 'purine-pyrimidine metabolism', '']
Serodus
	Developer of pharmaceuticals for treatment of diseases in the heart and blood vessels. The company focuses on new therapeutic products for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases with large unmet clinical needs.
	['', 'cardiovascular diseases', ' ', 'blood vessels', ' ', 'therapeutic products', '']
ZOLL LIFEBRIDGE
	Supplier of life support systems for the acute medical care in the area of cardiovascular diseases. The company develops heart-lung machine that allows doctors to substitute the patient’s cardiovascular system and save them from death in cardiogenic shock.
	['', 'life support system', ' ', 'heart-lung machine', ' ', 'cardiovascular system', ' ', 'medical care', '']
Ester Neurosciences
	Developer of therapeutic products for the treatment of neurological disorders. The company provides novel therapeutic products for the treatment of neurological disorders such as myasthenia gravis, alzheimer disease, multiple sclerosis and acute stress reactions.
	['', 'therapeutic product', ' ', 'neurological disorder', ' ', 'disease treatment', '']
Angio B
	Developer and provider of drugs concentrating on treatment of cardiovascular diseases and peripheral ischemic disorders. The company engages in research and development of drugs concentrating on treatment of cardiovascular diseases and peripheral ischemic disorders.
	['', 'cardiovascular disease', ' ', 'peripheral ischemic disorder', ' ', 'development of drug', '']
Limerick BioPharma
	Developer of pharmaceuticals with attenuated tissue specific toxicity. The company develops methods for simulating activity of the blood-tissue barriers in vitro and in vivo. It leads programs in areas of metabolic diseases and solid organ transplantation.
	['', 'tissue specific toxicity', ' ', 'blood tissue simulation', ' ', 'metabolic disease treatment', ' ', 'solid organ transplantation', '']
MGI Pharma Biologics
	Developer of oncology and antiviral products for large unmet markets.
	['', 'oncology product', ' ', 'medical therapy', ' ', 'pharmaceutical product', '']
