Pulsent
	Developer of video compression algorithms, technologies and products. The company offers algorithms, software and hardware technologies for storage and delivery of digital video.
	['', 'online video', ' ', 'hardware technologies', ' ', 'digital video', ' ', 'technology services', ' ', 'online portal', '']
Qumu (acquired 2011)
	Provider of appliances, hosted solutions, and enterprise video communications software.
	['enterprise video webcast ', 'hosted solution', '']
iCompression
	Provider of real-time video and audio compression and communications technology to the consumer, computer, and internet markets. The company\'s current products include system-on-a-chip solutions for products such as digital video recorders, set-top boxes, PC TV peripherals, and video over IP.
	['', 'digital video recorder', ' ', 'set top box', ' ', 'video compression', ' ', 'audio compression', '']
Dave Networks
	Provider of integrated video distribution and social community platforms. The company utilizes the latest matrix distribution technology to deliver music, video and other information assets to consumer, corporate and commercial customers.
	['', 'social community platforms', ' ', 'media platform', ' ', 'integrated video', '']
Userfarm
	Operator of a video crowdsourcing platform. The company creates promo videos, corporate films and creative advertisements through its network of video makers.
	['', 'entertainment software', ' ', 'crowdsourcing platform', ' ', 'creative advertisement', '']
Hantro
	Provider of mobile video technology. The company provides hardware and software based MPEG4, H.263, H.264 and VC-1 video software specifically tailored for handheld devices. The company\'s product portfolio also includes video applications for video capturing, playback, messaging, streaming and telephony.
	['', 'mobile video technology', ' MPEG4 ', 'video software', '']
Parascale
	Developer of cloud software for servers. The company also provides video-on-demand, document archive, online backup and video surveillance solutions.
	['', 'cloud software', ' ', 'server software', ' ', 'online backup', ' ', 'video surveillance', '']
Vox.io
	Provider of chat and video calls from browser. The company\'s technology import contacts with phone numbers from Google contacts and Linkedin for communication.
	['', 'video calling', ' ', 'online chatting', ' ', 'online calling', ' ', 'browser calling', '']
Inlet Technologies
	Provider of encoding solutions. The company\'s products include Armada, a transcoding and encoding workflow system that eliminates the stove-pipes and manual steps; Spinnaker, a broadcast quality streaming solution; Fathom, an encoding platform for VC-1, Windows media, AVC, and flash files; and Semaphore, an automated quality control program for digital encoding. It provides its solutions for professional streaming, adaptive streaming, video-on-demand, IPTV, video on the Web, mobile video, reviewing dailies and rushes, broadband television, corporate communications and training, distance learning, and security and surveillance.
	['', 'encoding solution', ' ', 'encoding workflow system', ' ', 'encoding platform', '']
RipCode
	Provider of realtime transcoding software for video clips and streaming. The company supports live mobile video or video on-demand transcoding for mobile and user generated content applications. It enables video to be dynamically transcoded and served to a customer on any screen size as they request it, giving viewers an expansion of content choices while reducing an operator’s server hardware, storage and energy use.
	['transcode IPTV ', 'video on-demand', '']
AVM Software
	Provider of video enabled chat room service. The company offers public screening rooms, which allows its users to enter a chat room and watch a streaming video together while chatting.
	['', 'chat room service', ' ', 'video watching', ' ', 'online chatting', '']
Mywavez
	Provider of a platform for mobile video sharing. The company delivers web video entertainment directly to consumers cell phones.
	['', 'mobile video sharing', ' ', 'web video entertainment', ' ', 'online video', '']
Vine Labs
	Provider of a video-sharing website. The company focuses on users capturing short video clips that can then be shared via their iPhone.
	['', 'video sharing website', ' ', 'short video clip', ' ', 'video sharing', ' ', 'iphone application', '']
Involver
	Provider of video campaign platform for marketers to build, launch, promote, manage and monitor/track video campaigns for social networks users. The company’s platform includes campaign builders, dashboards, interactive video plugins, white label social applications and reporting tools.
	['', 'video campaign platform', ' ', 'interactive video plugin', ' ', 'video marketing solution', ' ', 'social platform', ' ', 'video plugin', '']
W&W Communications
	Developer of video compression software and hardware solutions for video-enabled consumer, professional, enterprise, and infrastructure platforms. The company’s products are used for video conferencing and telepresence, live video broadcast, video surveillance, and mobile telephony infrastructure video transcoding.
	['', 'video compression software', ' ', 'video conferencing', ' ', 'video telepresence', ' ', 'live video broadcast', ' ', 'mobile telephony infrastructure', '']
IPIX
	Provider of imaging solutions for commerce, communication, and security applications in the United States and internationally. The company\'s solutions create, process, and manage various media, including still images, 360 by 360 degree immersive images, and video. It offers cameras kits, software tools, services, infrastructure, and training to support immersive imaging. It operates in two segments, Immersive Video Products and Immersive Still Photography Products.
	['', 'commerce imaging solution', ' ', 'security application', ' ', 'still image', ' ', 'still photography', '']
Intransa
	Provider of appliance platform products. The company offers appliances and products for video surveillance, industrial video, access control, video analytics and other physical security needs.
	['', 'video surveillance', '']
ClipClock
	Operator of a video sharing platform. The company allows users to collect, edit and share the best clipped video moments.
	['', 'video sharing platform', ' ', 'video sharing', ' ', 'online video editing', ' ', 'online video sharing', '']
Gotuit Media
	Provider of metadata technology for optimizing the value of video libraries for professional content publishers. The company offers VideoMarker Pro, a metadata authoring application for publishers to package and present their broadband video libraries; and VideoMixer, which allows publishers to give their audience the ability to remix videos and produce new video experiences from manipulating the video metadata.
	['', 'metadata technology', ' ', 'video metadata', ' videomixer videomaker  ', 'video manipulation', ' ', 'video library', ' ', 'video remix', '']
Equator Technologies
	Manufacturer of digital signal processing (DSP) compression techniques. The company offers iMMediaTools(R) software development toolkit, media libraries and reference platforms to customers globally. They also provide video-centric system-on-a-chip (SoC) processors which are available for digital media, digital video communications and video security and surveillance applications.
	['', 'digital signal processing', ' ', 'surveillance application', ' ', 'video centric', '  ', 'video security', ' ', 'digital media', '']
Kiwatch
	Developer of video-monitoring surveillance platform. The company develops a platform which allows for WiFi video monitoring of premises through computer or smartphone.
	['', 'video monitoring', ' ', 'home security', ' ', 'Electronic Component', '']
Margi Systems
	Provider of multimedia products for mobile systems. The company develops products in the areas of video capture, TV capture, video conferencing, DVD decoding, DVD authoring, personal video headsets and display adapters.
	['', 'multimedia product', ' ', 'video capture', ' ', 'personal video headset', ' ', 'sound peripherals', ' ', 'electronic parts', '']
Sofratev
	Provider of audio, video and broadcast solutions for Hz, Satellite and web customers.
	['audio, video, broadcast, satellite, web']
