Danyl
	Manufacturer of electronic data collection which input to computerized accounting systems. The company also produces self-service electronic transaction systems with magnetic stripe cards.
	['', 'electronic data collection', ' ', 'electronic transaction', ' ', 'magnetic stripe card', '']
Rewind.Me
	Provider of platform that enables collection and organization of personal data.  The company enables its users to create value from the data they have provided in the past.
	['', 'data collection', ' ', 'data organization', ' ', 'online data', '']
e-Xstream engineering
	Provider of software and engineering services. The company develops a non-linear multi-scale modelling software platform DIGIMAT and also offers its consultancy service for multi-scale modelling of materials and composite structures. The company was spun out of Université catholique de Louvain.
	['', 'modelling software', ' ', 'engineering service', ' ', 'composite materials', '']
Si-Nor
	Operator of trash removal and recycling. The company engages in refuse collection, trash removal and disposal.
	['trash disposal ', 'refuse collection', ' collection']
Mathsoft Engineering & Education
	Provider of math, science, and engineering software for business, academia, research, and government. The company offers a calculation management suite, a customizable client server solution, which provides searchable and centralized access for managing, tracking, and publishing various calculations, values, methods, and worksheets. Its products also include binder toolkit, which enables users to create e-books from data managed via the suite; customization toolkit, which provides a set of APIs and a software development kit; and publishing toolkit, which enables flexible display and viewing of the XML data generated by the suite.
	['', 'software prodcuts', '']
LizardTech
	Provider of software products for managing and distributing geospatial data. The company offers MrSID technology, a wavelet-based image encoder, viewer, and file format. The company serves civil, defense, and oil and gas markets, architecture, engineering, and construction markets.
	['', 'image encoder', ' ', 'geospatial data', ' ', 'software products', '']
EDX Systems
	Provider of automated IT and data services. The company specializes in data converting, testing, automation, construction of processes, reporting and quality control.
	['', 'automation', ' ', 'it service', ' ', 'data convert', ' ', 'data testing', ' ', 'process construct', ' ', 'quality control', ' ', 'data reporting', '']
Imaging Automation
	Developer of technology for document authentication, biometrics and data collection. The company offers products used to authenticate identification documents such as passports, visas, national identification cards and driver\'s licenses. Its products are used in security applications in the government, travel and transportation industries.
	['', 'document authentication application', ' ', 'biometrics application', ' ', 'data collection application', ' ', 'security application', '']
System Management ARTS
	Provider of innovative real-time analysis software that ensures the availability and peak performance of network-dependent information systems. The company is focused to pinpoint the root cause of network problems.
	['', 'software solutions', '']
Blue Flame Data
	Developer of consumer preference analysis software. The company provides an online, real-time measurement of consumer market preferences. It provides a web application with a game-like interface that collects information about the consumer\'s likes and dislikes on a variety of products and services.
	['', 'consumer preference', ' ', 'preference analysis', ' ', 'data aggregation', ' ', 'realtime data', '']
Searchandise Commerce
	Provider of e-commerce and search solutions for product manufacturers and retailers. The company provides HitList, a service designed to help retailers monetize previously untapped online real estate by integrating manufacturer bids into the rendering of how products are presented, as well as represents an opportunity for manufactures to leverage cost per click bidding to elevate position and boost visibility across a network of retail sites.
	['e-commerce ', 'data collection', ' ', 'clickshare analysis', ' ', 'retail network', ' ', 'in-store merchandising', '']
PharmaDM
	Provider of data analysis software and services. The company offers data analysis, data mining, and text mining software and services for researchers in life sciences, with a focus on drug discovery.
	['', 'data analysis', ' ', 'text mining software', ' ', 'data mining', '']
Maximum Data Solutions
	Provider of data collection and warehouse management technology solutions. The company operates as an independent software vendor of automated data collection hardware and software for companies that utilize the Microsoft Dynamics GP ERP packages. Its software products include InTouch Distribution, a module which connects, collects, and controls various aspects of Microsoft Dynamics GP receiving, order fulfillment, and inventory control functions; and InTouch Manufacturing, a solution developed for the purpose of acquiring and entering information about the inventory and processes.
	['', 'warehouse management technology', ' ', 'data collection', ' ', 'inventory information entering', '']
6th Sense Analytics
	Provider of software solutions for automated collection and analysis of software engineering process and product data.
	['', 'software engineering', ' ', 'engineering software', ' ', 'data collection', ' ', 'automated data collection', ' ', 'data analysis', '']
Spotlight Data
	Provider of software tool for collecting and analyzing process data and metrics on human-centric business activities. The company offers process discovery tool which addresses the process discovery phase of the business process improvement lifecycle .
	['', 'Data collection', ' ', 'data analysis', '']
