CloudLink Technologies
	Provider of cloud security and management services. The company provides a software security appliance that combines cloud infrastructure security and manageability with cloud performance monitoring.
	['', 'cloud computing software', ' ', 'data loss protection', ' ', 'ethernet software product', ' ', 'cloud security', ' ', 'cloud management', ' ', 'cloud software', '']
BlueSpace Software
	Provider of cross domain applications and electronic messaging. The company serves the defense and intelligence communities by enabling the widespread adoption of multi-level security applications to help achieve US information dominance.
	['', 'cross domain application', ' ', 'defense services', ' ', 'electronic messaging', ' ', 'security applications', '']
Micro Technologies
	Developer of transformational security devices. The company provides security products, including vehicle security systems, fleet monitoring systems, bike security systems among others.
	['', 'vehicle security system', ' ', 'fleet monitoring system', ' ', 'security system', '']
Insightix
	Provider of security intelligence and control solutions. The company offers Business Security Assurance Suite, which is designed to detect, identify, profile, audit, and control various devices connected to client’s network; Business Security Assurance Visibility, which delivers the information necessary to properly manage and secure the enterprise network and the business of information technology; Business Security Assurance Security Configuration Management, which provides an automated way to audit the security configuration of client devices by measuring their level of compliance with internal and external policies; Business Security Assurance Security Network Access Control, which provides way to control access to the enterprise network; and Business Security Assurance Guest Network Access, which provides a way to offer guest network access while maintaining the security of client’s internal network
	['', 'security intelligence solution', ' ', 'control solution', ' ', 'Security Configuration Management', '']
Anchulsu laboratory
	Provider of security services. The company provides security product, security consulting, security control and security ASP for various computer crime prevention and guidance activity.
	['', 'security services', ' ', 'security consulting', ' ', 'computer crime prevention', '']
iPolicy Networks
	Operator of an integrated network security product. The company offers intrusion prevention firewall appliance; and iPolicy Security Manager, a security management system to service providers, enterprises, financial services firms, education institutions, and government agencies.
	['', 'network security product', ' ', 'firewall appliance', ' ', 'security management system', '']
Cortex Vision Systems
	Provider of automated video surveillance products. The company offers various security systems for industrial, commercial, governmental and high-end residential applications.
	['surveillance ', 'smart camera', ' ', 'security systems', '']
Reasoning
	Provider of software inspection services. The company offers discovery mapping analytics and automated software inspection services to help measure the reliability and security of a client\'s software and also helps in reducing code defects and security vulnerabilities.
	['', 'security services', ' ', 'software inspection', '']
SecureInfo
	Provider of cyberspace security. The company provides a cloud-based, online-security platform for government, cloud technology companies and critical-infrastructure industries. Its services  includes cloud security, continuous monitoring and maintaining compliance with the Federal Information Security Management Act.
	['', 'FISMA preparedness assessment', ' ', 'information assurance', ' ', 'accreditation service', ' ', 'threat management', '']
Netect
	Provider of security software. The company provides security assessment and systems management software that identify and close security holes to prevent internal and external network intrusions, including attempts to hack into a network via the Internet.
	['', 'security malware', ' ', 'network security', ' ', 'security assessment', ' ', 'system management software', '']
Infosec
	Provider of products and services for cyber-security. The company offers various services including security management consulting, secure technology consulting, development and operation of security systems and managed security services.
	['cyber-security ', 'security management', ' ', 'security systems', '']
AEP Networks
	Developer of security and communications technologies to governments, enterprises and carriers in the United Kingdom and internationally. The company\'s products include Series A Secure Application Access, which is available as hardware or virtual appliance that enables secure web browser access to a range of business applications, Series E IPSec VPN Encryptor, an independently assured encryptor that protects IP traffic across networks, Series K Hardware Security Module, a hardware security module designed to generate, store and protect cryptographic keys for mission critical applications that demand maximum security and Series V Managing, a heterogeneous network that is used by armies and other agencies that require fast, reliable and secure deployable communications.
	['', 'security application', ' ', 'communication technology', ' ', 'IP traffic', ' ', 'hardware appliance', '']
Reliant Protective Services
	Provider of professional protective services. The company provides protection services which includes residential security, corporate security, loss prevention, executive body guard, executive transportation, armed security, rapid response team, private investigation to children, homes and businesses.
	['', 'residential security', ' ', 'corporate security', ' ', 'loss prevention', ' ', 'armed security', '']
Neohapsis (Acquired by KSR)
	Provider of mobile and cloud security services. The company work with global enterprises to address their constantly evolving information security and compliance challenges.
	['', 'cloud services', ' ', 'business products and services', '']
CipherMax
	Provider of an enterprise-class storage security solution for securing information assets and achieving compliance with government regulations. The company offers a storage security system for tapes that provides line-speed encryption processing and centralized security administration solutions for legacy.
	['', 'storage security solution', ' ', 'government regulation', ' ', 'storage security system', ' ', 'centralized security', ' ', 'encryption processing', '']
Secure.me
	Developer of a security technology for social networks and mobile applications. The company\'s security cloud service helps users keep sensitive information private, take control over the applications they use and helps in reducing oversharing of information.
	['', 'security technology', ' ', 'privacy protection', ' ', 'online security', ' ', 'information security', '']
NetOctave
	Developer of Internet security solutions that provide high-performance, turnkey system security. The company designs security processors and accelerator boards that protect high-speed network communications. It builds security processors and security accelerator boards and cards for the SSL, IPsec and IP Storage markets.
	['', 'internet services', ' ', 'Monitoring & Security', ' ', 'Network Security', '']
Infrared Integrated Systems
	Provider of thermal-technology products. The company designs, develops and manufactures radiometric thermal imagers, people counters, security sensors and other thermal-detection solutions for a wide range of commercial applications, including security, healthcare, supermarkets and smart-building technologies.
	['', 'thermal technology', ' ', 'thermal imager', ' ', 'thermal imagers', ' ', 'people counter', ' ', 'people counters', ' ', 'security sensors', ' ', 'thermal detection', ' ', 'thermal', '']
