Indeed
	Provider of an online job searching portal. The company acts as an external source of hiring and an employer review site.
	['', 'online search engine', ' ', 'job searching portal', ' ', 'hiring source', ' ', 'employer review site', '']
Money Workout
	Operator of a mortgage and insurance price comparison website. The company purchases and generates mortgage enquiries that it matches with the available mortgage products in the market. It also offers related advisory services for consumers, lead generators and lenders.
	['', 'insurance price', ' ', 'mortgage business', ' ', 'price comparison', '']
Extrabux
	Operator of a comparison shopping website. The company enables consumers to compare prices,find coupons, and earn cash back on their online purchases.
	['', 'price comparison', ' ', 'cash back', ' coupons']
Attenex
	Developer of software applications for document-intensive processes in the legal profession. The company’s products and services include Attenex Patterns Suite, which enables identification of relevant content for litigation, investigations and regulatory response projects and Snapshot Review that harnesses the visual discovery and content analysis capabilities of Attenex Patterns software.
	['', 'software application', ' ', 'legal process software', ' ', 'snapshot Review', '']
NetSila
	Provider of an online website for Arabian food recipes. The company provides a platform and mobile application for users to share and review recipes. It also provides information about cuisines and restaurants in Arab and European cities.
	['', 'share recipes', ' ', 'review recipes', ' ', 'Arabian food recipies', ' ', 'food portal', ' ', 'mobile app', '']
ShareBloc
	Provider of an online enterprise vendor comparison platform. The company provides enterprise consumers with an online platform to rate, review, ask and answer questions about their vendors. It also works closely with the vendor community to reach their customers.
	['', 'vendor comparison platform', ' ', 'vendor rating', ' ', 'online portal', '']
Cemmerce
	Operator of an online commerce platform. The company helps publishers and content creators generate new revenue streams from existing and future online content by automatically convert product references into live commerce links. It’s platform also provides access to real time price comparison data, abandonment rates and conversion rates.
	['', 'Affiliate Marketing', ' ', 'Automated affiliate marketing', ' ', 'Affiliate link', ' ', 'Content monetization', '']
Qype
	Provider of a consumer review website for goods and services in Europe. The company offers the review service in nine languages and more than 160,000 cities and towns worldwide. The service is available online and through a mobile application.
	['', 'consumer review', ' ', 'review website', ' ', 'internet software', '']
Deal Pilot
	Provider of comparison shopping services trough an online website. The company provides search engines for obtaining online price comparison shopping information via a global computer network and enabling consumers to make purchases of goods and services from others on a global computer network.
	['', 'comparison shopping', ' ', 'search engines', ' ', 'computer network', ' ', 'price comparison', ' ', 'online price', '']
MyETone
	Provider of a product review and price comparison portal. The company provides a platform to review products and services and compare their prices.
	['', 'price comparison', ' ', 'product review', ' ', 'review portal', '']
CompareNet
	Provider of an Internet-based comparative shopping service. The company provides comparisons for items such as automobiles, motorcycles, sporting goods and software. The company also offers reviews, staff product picks, discussion links and a classified section.
	['', 'consumer awareness', ' ', 'price comparison', ' ', 'product review', '']
