Tripod Energy
	Developer of energy projects that provide solar power to local communities and large energy buyers. The company is a special situation investment vehicle for solar projects which engages in all stages from solar project development to power plant completion.
	['', 'solar project investment', ' ', 'investment vehicle', ' ', 'solar power investor', '']
Tioga Energy
	Provider of solar power purchasing services. The company owns, operates and maintains solar photovoltaic energy systems through power purchase agreements. It offers solar electric system assessment, designing, engineering, installation, maintaining and equipment monitoring services. It also provides certification services.
	['', 'solar power', ' ', 'power purchase', ' ', 'solar photovoltaic', ' ', 'clean energy', ' photovoltaic ', 'solar electric', ' ', 'solar certification', '']
Solar Industries
	Manufacturer and marketer of solar-power components. The company pursued a growth and buy-and-build strategy along the value chain for solar-module production and marketing. The company operated multiple production facilities for solar modules.
	['photovoltaic ', 'photovoltaic cell', ' ', 'photovoltaic products', '']
Usolie-Sibirsky Silicon
	Manufacturer of polycrystalline silicon. The company is the manufacturer of a silicon product used as a basic semiconductor material in microelectronics, electric power and solar energy. The company operates manufacturing plants to produce materials for the further development of Russian microelectronics for solar-power generation.
	['', 'manufacturing plant', ' ', 'polycrystalline silicon', ' ', 'silicon plant', ' semiconductor']
Industrial Solar
	Manufacturer of heating and cooling devices that utilizes solar power. The company offers solar Fresnel collector systems and other solar cooling and air-conditioning technologies. Its products are used to generate solar process heat, cooling, water treatment and polygeneration. The company was spun out of Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems.
	['', 'heating product', ' ', 'cooling technology', ' ', 'solar power', '']
Sunrise Global Solar Energy
	Manufacturer of photovoltaic cells. The company engages in the design, manufacture and distribution of photovoltaic cells and solar energy products. It also offers monocrystalline and multicrystalline solar cells.
	['photovoltaic ', 'solar cells', ' monocrystalline plant']
Innotech Solar
	Provider of technology to classify and upgrade non-prime c-Si solar cells within the solar industry. The company uses laser-based process, to maximize electricity production by optimizing various types of solar cells.
	['', 'solar cell', ' ', 'electricity production', ' ', 'non prime cell', '']
GreenVolts
	Developer of concentrating photovoltaic (CPV) technology. The company also supplies solar power to the utilities companies.
	['', 'concentrating potovoltaic', ' ', 'solar energy', ' ', 'solar power', ' ', 'green technology', ' ', 'clean technology', '']
Caelux
	Operator of a solar-cell designing company. The company designs and develops solar-cell manufacturing process that minimizes the amount of used semiconducting material.
	['solar-cell semiconductor ', 'solar device', '']
Skyline Solar
	Manufacturer of high gain solar arrays for commercial, industrial, government and utility markets. The company offers HGS structural and reflective racking components. It develops a solar energy system that uses metal reflectors to concentrate the sunlight onto silicon solar cells for electricity production.
	['', 'solar energy', ' ', 'solar array', ' ', 'high gain solar', ' ', 'HGS array', ' ', 'reflective racking', ' ', 'silicon cell', ' ', 'metal reflector', ' ', 'electricity production', ' ', 'solar silicon', ' ', 'HGS panel', ' ', 'solar electricity', '']
Solar Home Energy
	Provider of domestic solar hot water systems. The company also engages in the manufacture of solar collectors.
	['', 'solar hot water', ' ', 'solar collectors', ' ', 'domestic hot water', '']
Panosol
	Provider of solar thermal and photovoltaic services. The company provides solar panels and solar heating in homes.
	['', 'solar thermal', ' ', 'photovoltaic service', ' ', 'solar heating', ' ', 'solar panel', '']
Ausra
	Developer of utility-scale solar thermal power. The company offers Compact Linear Fresnel Reflector, a solar collector and steam generation system. Its zero-carbon power plants generate electricity at current market prices for fossil-fired power without the emissions caused by burning fuels.
	['reflector thermal ', 'steam generation', ' electric fossil carbon power']
Trony Solar
	Producer of thin-film solar energy modules. The company is an amorphous silicon thin film solar cell manufacturer and service provider in China.
	['', 'solar energy module', ' ', 'solar cell', ' ', 'silicon thin film', '']
GCL Silicon Technology Holdings
	Supplier of polysilicon and wafers to companies operating in the solar industry. The company manufactures polysilicon, the primary raw material used in the production of solar cells and modules for the generation of electric power from solar energy.
	['', 'solar industry', ' polysilicon wafers']
Nereus
	Developer of floor-heating technology. The company is engaged in designing, marketing and installing floor-heating systems which use water as their primary heat source, with models that use alternative forms of energy, such as geothermal and solar.
	['', 'floor heating', ' ', 'heating systems', ' ', 'floor heating systems', ' ', 'underfloor heating', '']
XeroCoat
	Manufacturer and designer of anti-reflective coatings for solar energy systems. The coatings are applicable across all solar technologies and for all solar panel systems.
	['', 'solar energy', ' ', 'anti-reflective coatings', ' ', 'solar technologies', '']
Helioris Solar Systems
	Developer of a solar energy technology. The company is developing a proprietary technology for solar thermal fields, where electricity is generated by concentrating solar power to heat fluid, which is used to drive turbines. The company\'s system is arrange to utilize the topology of the terrain as well as the sun\'s motion to heat thermal liquid in receiver units.
	['topology ', 'solar thermal field', ' ', 'solar technology', '']
AC-Sun
	Developer of solar-powered air conditioning system. The company uses a combination of low-pressure turbines and water as a refrigerant to create a cooling system based upon solar heat. Its system is designed for power savings and reduced chemical emissions.
	['', 'thermal air conditioning', ' ', 'solar panels', ' ', 'solar heat', '']
SolFocus
	Developer and manufacturer of solar energy systems based on concentrator photovoltaic (CPV) technology. The company\'s products and technologies include solar concentrator photovoltaic systems, intelligent tracking systems for CPV and flat panel PV markets.
	['', 'photovoltaic system', ' ', 'solar energy solution', ' ', 'concentrator photovoltaic technology', ' ', 'intelligent tracking system', ' ', 'alternative energy', ' ', 'renewable energy', '']
Nanoconduction
	Provider of products based on carbon nanotube technology optimized for IC chips, LEDs  and Solar Cells. The company develops nano-based electronic cooling Technology.
	['nanotechnology ', 'nanoconduction technology', ' semiconductors']
PowerLight
	Designer of solar power systems for commercial, public sector and residential customers. The company provides solar roof tiles and angled solar panels, as well as roof, ground and elevated-parking solar power systems.
	['', 'solar power system', ' ', 'solar roof tile', ' ', 'solar panel', '']
PVPower
	Provider of solar products. The company\'s web platform enables independent solar installers to easily configure, quote and procure solar products.
	['', 'solar product', ' ', 'residential project', ' ', 'commercial project', ' ', 'Alternative Energy Equipment', '']
HelioVolt
	Manufacturer of thin-film solar panels. The company operates a manufacturing and research center, creating thin-film solar photovoltaic modules that can be mounted on commercial rooftops, used to create utility-scale, ground-mounted power-generation systems, building-integrated power systems and custom installations.
	['', 'solar panel', ' ', 'thin film', ' ', 'solar photovoltaic', ' PV BIPV']
REEL Solar Power
	Developer of thin-film photovoltaic technology. The company has developed a proprietary process for rapid electroplating on large surface areas, enabling the manufacture of large cadmium telluride solar panels.
	['', 'solar cell production', ' ', 'solar module', ' electroplating']
QD Soleil
	Provider of nanotechnology based solar products. The company focuses on the use of nanotechnology in solar panel cell designs. It develops and consolidates a range of technologies for use in photovolatics, including the use of spectrum capture enhancers, such as quantum dots, nanoparticle scatterers and light capture materials, semiconducting inks and materials for dual nanocrystal and hybrid nanocrystal/polymer designs. It serves solar equipment suppliers, solar material producers, glass and plastic manufacturers, thin film and amorphous silicon producers and incumbent and new solar entrants.
	['', 'solar technology', ' ', 'solar panel cell', ' ', 'nanoparticle scatter', ' ', 'silicon producer', '']
SolarQuest
	Developer of photovoltaic solar farms. The company specialises in designing, developing and managing integrated photovoltaic electricity-generating arrays on buildings.
	['', 'photovoltaic solar farms', ' ', 'electricity-generating arrays', ' photovoltaic']
Latitude Solar
	Manufacturer of solar panels. The company manufactures photovoltaic solar panels from  polycrystalline silicon that is housed under 4mm hardened glass.
	['', 'polycrystalline silicon', ' ', 'photovoltaic solar', ' ', 'solar panel', '']
ArrayPower
	Provider of power technologies for the solar industry. The company\'s technology helps to improve capital returns, maximize system performance and simplify system installation and operation, to the benefit of both manufacturers and system owners.
	['', 'solar power', ' ', 'solar power technology', ' ', 'solar performance', ' ', 'solar installation', ' ', 'solar operation', ' ', 'solar grid parity', ' ', 'solar module', ' ', 'inverter less solar', '']
