Santiago and Beverage Trade Lemos
	Owner and operator of a beer club. The company also publishes a magazine covering articles on the brewery industry. This apart, the company also mails a kit containing a selection of four bottles of beer to its customers. The company also operates as a beer retailer through an online platform.
	['', 'internet retail', ' ', 'clubs and resorts', ' ', 'beer retailer', '']
Ascotfirst.com
	Owner and operator of an online property portal. The company offers the facility to apply for online quotes, mortgages, conveyancing or removals.
	['', 'online portal', ' ', 'property portal', ' ', 'real estate website', '']
Jurong Aromatics
	Operator of integrated aromatics plants. The company operates aromatic chemical production plant and produces transportation fuels in Singapore.
	['aromatics ', 'transportation fuels', ' ', 'petrochemical plant', '']
Gladiator Entertainment
	Provider of theatrical acts on stories based on gladiators. The company offers entertainment to tourists by displaying battles based on gladiator stories in an authentic arena.
	['', 'theatrical acts', ' theatrical acts gladiator']
Central Trust Bank (Conservation Licensing Division)
	Provider of wildlife licensing technology. The company operates as a wildlife licensing contractor and service provider.
	['', 'service provider', ' ', 'wildlife licensing', ' ', 'licensing contract', ' ', 'hunting licensing', '']
UAV Holdings
	Distributor of home entertainment products. The company acquires cquires domestic home entertainment, video, and audio rights from studios, independent producers and record labels, and manufactures, packages and sells DVDs, VHS cassettes and audio CDs of its licensed content to retailers in the U.S. UAV focuses on children’s and family content and prices its products at budget “impulse buy” price points.
	['', 'distribution network', ' ', 'digital versatile disc', ' network']
Premier VCT (Dartford)
	Owner and operator of a hotel. The company owns 12 bedrooms hotel in Dartford.
	['', 'travel & leisure', ' ', '12 bedrooms', ' ', 'Holiday Inn', '']
Douro Azul
	Owner and operator of river cruise ships on the Douro River in Portugal. The company provides gym, spa, and other amenities, along with lodging, on their vessels. The company has plans to open a hotel as well.
	['cruise ', 'Cruise ship', ' ', 'cruise vessel', ' ', 'river cruise', ' ', 'luxury cruise', '']
Portico Club
	Provider of hospitality services. The company operates resorts, clubs and vacation homes at various places.
	['', 'luxury hospitality service', ' ', 'hotel service', ' ', 'vacation home', '']
Megabowl Group
	Owner and operator of ten pin bowling alleys. The company operates bowling-based family entertainment centers.
	['', 'bowling center', ' ', 'consumer service', ' ', 'ten pin', '']
FineMedia
	Operator of a website developer of editorial content in France. The company publishes online editorial content on various issues, such as home, decoration, finance, and health.
	['', 'website developer', ' ', 'editorial content', ' ', 'online publishing', '']
Lumics
	Manufacturer of semiconductor diode laser for medical and industrial applications. The company manufactures semiconductors and diode lasers from 750 nm to 1960 nm in industry standard packages such as 14-pin butterfly, 8-pin miniDIL and 2-pin TO220 as well as a series of compact fiber coupled laser modules with output powers up to 900 W.
	['', 'diode laser', ' ', 'laser module', ' ', 'fiber coupled diode', ' ', 'industrial application', ' ', 'chip technology', '']
Propane Continental
	Operator of a wholesale and retail propane distribution company. The company operates a wholesale propane division and a network of retail propane outlets.
	['propane ', 'wholesale distribution', ' ', 'retail outlets', '']
Q Gardens
	Operator of a retail gardening and farm-supply store. The company operates a seven-acre property from which it retails a range of gardening supplies and farming products, as well as produce, a cafe and cultivated gardens.
	['', 'garden store', ' ', 'farm supply', ' ', 'gardening products', ' ', 'gardening tools', ' ', 'gardening implements', '']
Juice in the City
	Owner and operator of a Website that pairs moms with local businesses and daily deals.
	['', 'local business', ' ', 'local deal', ' ', 'discount deal', ' ', 'deal recommendation', '']
PriceMinister
	Owner and operator of e-commerce websites and online communities. The company offers private and professional users a marketplace to trade various products, including books, videos, CDs, DVDs and games, electronics, clothes, childcare products, apparel, home and garden products, automobiles and many other products.
	['', 'e-commerce', ' shopping ', 'online shopping', ' marketplace']
Leisure Links International
	Operator of Golf Club. The company operates as a golf club in Hampshire.
	['', 'golf club', ' ', 'leisure facility', ' game']
The Fine Art Auction Group
	Provider of auction services in the U.K. The company operates a network of regional auction houses in the U.K., with a specialty in art and antiques.
	['', 'auction house', ' appraisals auctions']
