Agouron Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of therapeutic products to treat cancer and AIDS. The company engages in the discovery, development and commercialization of drugs for treatment of cancer, viral diseases and diseases of the eye.
	['biomedical pharmacology immunogenetics']
Karyopharm Therapeutics
	Developer of drugs for the treatment of cancer, inflammation and diseases related to cell proliferation. The company focuses on discovery and development of novel first-in-class drugs directed against nuclear transport targets for the treatment of cancer and other major diseases.
	['', 'cancer treatment', ' ', 'inflammation drug', ' ', 'cell proliferation', '']
Quanticel Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of medicines for the treatment of cancer and other life-threatening diseases. The company provides a platform for single-cell genomic analysis of human cancer.
	['', 'therapeutic treatment', ' ', 'medicine development', ' ', 'disease treatment', '']
Niiki Pharma
	Provider of cancer treatments directed at novel cellular targets and related companion diagnostics. The company specializes in oncology.
	['cancer oncology ', 'novel cellular target', '']
Promic
	Developer of antibacterial drugs. The company focuses on discovery of drugs needed to treat hospital-acquired and community-associated infections.
	['antibiotic infection antibacterial cheminformatics']
GenQuest
	Provider of functional genomics screening for cancer therapeutics and diagnostics. The company\'s technology platform currently consists of proprietary methods to discover genes associated with cancer, response to DNA damage, senescence, cellular proliferation and terminal cell differentiation.
	['', 'functional genomics', ' genomics ', 'cancer therapeutics', '']
Matrix Therapeutics
	Developer of drugs for the treatment of cancer and inflammatory diseases. The company\'s product TO2 is a natural non-opioid compound combining anesthetic and analgesic activity, but without causing respiratory depression or lowering blood pressure. The company is a spin out from The University of Manchester.
	['', 'inflammatory diseases', ' ', 'cancer drugs', ' ', 'non-opioid compound', ' ', 'drug research', '']
Encore Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of drugs for clinical applications in the pharmaceutical and nutritional fields. The company\'s products enables treatment and prevention of cancer, neurologic and cardiovascular diseases.
	['', 'drug development', ' ', 'proprietary products', ' ', 'bio-pharmaceutical research', ' ', 'clinical applications', '']
Arbutus Biopharma
	Provider of ribonucleic acid (RNA) interference therapeutics and lipid nanoparticle delivery technology to pharmaceutical partners. The company focuses on the development of internal product candidates that include apolipoprotein B (ApoB) SNALP for the treatment of high cholesterol and polo-like kinase 1 (PLK1) SNALP for the treatment of cancer.
	['', 'RNA interference therapeutics', ' ', 'lipid drug delivery', ' ', 'high cholesterol treatment', ' ', 'therapeutic device', '']
Aciex
	Developer of an ophthalmic therapeutics treatment. The company focuses on developing products to treat an ocular eye diseases.
	['', 'eye disease', ' ', 'eye treatment', ' ', 'ophthalmic therapeutic', '']
IOmet Pharma
	Developer of drugs in the preclinical area of the drug discovery process. The company focuses on the development of innovative medicines for the treatment of cancer, with particular emphasis on the fields of cancer immunotherapy and cancer metabolism.
	['', 'drug discovery', ' ', 'nervous system disorder', ' ', 'oncology therapeutic', '']
Twinstrand Therapeutics
	Operator of biopharmaceutical company. The company engages in the discovery, development and commercialization of biological drugs for the treatment of life threatening diseases.
	['', 'biological drugs', ' cancer']
Conforma Therapeutics
	Developer of drugs for the treatment of cancer. The company develops drugs that induce tumor cells to degrade the proteins that promote cancer growth. It offers the HSP90 product, CNF1010 which is used for the treatment of cancer.
	['', 'cancer treatment', ' ', 'tumor cell', ' ', 'cancer growth', '']
Scancell
	Developer of biopharmaceutical products. The company engages in the discovery and development of novel monoclonal antibodies and vaccines for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases based on its ImmunoBody and Moditope platforms.
	['', 'biopharmaceutical product', ' ', 'monoclonal antibodies', ' ', 'infectious diseases', '']
MIGENIX
	Developer of drugs to treat or prevent infectious, degenerative and metabolic diseases. The company is committed to advancing therapy, improving health, and enriching life by developing and commercializing drugs for the prevention and treatment of major medical diseases and certain conditions with unmet medical need.
	['', 'commercial drug', ' ', 'disease control', ' ', 'metabolic diseases', ' infection']
Nereus Pharmaceuticals
	Developer of therapeutic drugs for the treatment of cancer. The company is engaged in discovery and development of therapeutic medicines and drugs which are used in the treatment of tumors, cancer, colon, prostate and other inflammatory diseases.
	['', 'marine microbiology technology', '  therapeutic ', 'development of therapeutic', ' ', 'treatment of oncology', '']
Interomex Biopharmaceuticals
	Developer of proteomic drugs. The company is engaged in the discovery and commercialization of novel targets and drugs in the proteomics area, for the treatment of viral, cancer and autoimmune diseases.
	['proteomics autoimmune']
Ionis Pharmaceuticals
	Provider of antisense drug discovery and development exploiting a novel drug discovery platform it created to generate a pipeline of first-in-class drugs. The company\'s provides a direct route from genomics to drugs. The company discovers and conducts early development of new drugs and, at the key clinical value inflection points, outlicense the drugs to its partners.
	['', 'antisense drug', ' ', 'drug delivery', '']
