PassAlong Networks
	Provider of digital media innovation and distribution services. The company offers a digital music library to the users which helps them to download and share music  as well as offers several products like OnTour, a direct media showcase and notification system, Speakheart and FreedomMP3.
	['', 'mobile content', ' ', 'mobile media', ' ', 'download store', ' ', 'file format', '']
Croice
	Provider of a mobile application for bloggers. The company provides a platform for bloggers to create and share audio streams.
	['', 'audio stream', ' ', 'blogging platform', ' ', 'audio broadcasting', '']
AudioMicro
	Provider of a network of digital content licensing marketplaces. The company sells user-generated digital audio content online. It enables composers, songwriters, musicians, independent bands, sound designers and audio engineers to upload and sell their micro stock music, sound effects, music cues, production music and production elements.
	['', 'digital content', ' ', 'online marketplace', '']
Tripath Technology
	Provider of semiconductor products and services. The company provides digital power processing provisions for a variety of applications in the computer, consumer audio and communications markets.
	['', 'audio amplifiers', ' ', 'integrated circuit', ' ', 'automotive audio', '']
Pacific Microsonics
	Developer of digital audio technologies. The company offers a digital music software and a technology called High Definition Compatible Digital , which corrects audio distortions that occur during the digital recording process.
	['', 'digital audio technology', ' ', 'digital music', ' ', 'audio signal processing', '']
AudioFeast
	Provider of MP3 players with a web-based broadcast network of digital audio programming. The company provides software that allows users to browse through different channels.
	['', 'radio channels', ' ', 'audio content', ' ', 'MP3 players', ' ', 'digital audio programming', ' audio ', 'broadcast network', '']
Phorus
	Developer of digital audio systems which connected wirelessly with automobiles.
	['', 'audio system', ' ', 'digital audio', ' ', 'wireless technology', '']
Digital Media Solutions
	Distributor of audio systems for theaters, movies theaters and cultural spaces. The company provides lobby, screen and surround speakers; digital cinema amplifiers, audio converters and cinema audio processors, audio per-amplifiers and interfaces, as well as cinema and PA loudspeakers and PA loudspeakers for lobbies.
	['', 'audio system', ' ', 'digital cinema amplifier', ' ', 'electronic good', '']
Beep
	Operator of an online audio networking platform. The company provides a networked audio software that enables consumers to convert any speaker into an internet music streaming device.
	['', 'wireless speakers', ' ', 'audio software', ' ', 'online music', '']
Sonic Blue
	Provider of  products for the Internet, digital media, entertainment, and consumer electronics markets. The company\'s technology portfolio included Rio digital audio players, ReplayTV personal television technology and software solutions, Go-Video integrated DVD, VCRs and Dual-Deck VCRs, and digital home theater systems.
	['', 'Consumer Electronics', ' ', 'digital audio player', ' ', 'home theater system', ' ', 'electronics equipment', '']
On Demand Distribution
	Provider of online digital music distribution services. The company offers a distribution infrastructure, based upon the Microsoft Windows Media platform which provides for the secure download of music in a number of formats which can then be played on consumer PC\'s using the Microsoft Windows Media Player. The company also offers a distribution platform which allows retailers to use their own existing commerce system, and provide digital audio products, and rights management as an integral part of the commerce chain.
	['', 'digital music', ' ', 'music download', ' ', 'commerce system', ' ', 'digital audio products', '']
Awdio
	Provider of free listening and live audio streams from best clubs around the world. The company offers music from sources, artists, and special events. The company plans to launch a paid service offering demand listening and securities in a better encoding quality
	['', 'audio streams', ' ', 'free listening', ' ', 'encoding quality', ' clubs']
Digidesign
	Manufacturer of digital audio workstations. The company offers products for the music, broadcast, multimedia and film industries. The company\'s flagship product was Pro Tools, a software suite designed in variations for professional recording studios, home users and post-production users.
	['', 'digital audio workstation', ' ', 'digital recording', ' ', 'audio production systems', ' ', 'multimedia software', '']
Red Elite de Electrodomesticos
	Operator of a chain of retail and franchise outlets selling electrical household appliances. The company offers a joint distribution of household appliances and digital technology coverage nationwide. The company offers appliances such as portable audio, air conditioner, home theater, television, kitchen appliances and various digital equipments.
	['', 'household appliance', ' ', 'digital technology', ' ', 'portable audio', ' ', 'kitchen appliances', '']
VizionWare
	Developer of digital inter connect cables and adapters. The company offers high definition multimedia interface (HDMI) digital interconnects, fiber optic HDMI interconnects, digital visual interface (DVI) digital interconnects, HDMI-to-DVI digital interconnects, switcher and digital audio synchronizers, integrator-friendly accessory products, HDMI and DVI swivel adapters, HDMI connector locking mounts, and heavy duty cable pull through socks. It serves home theater, commercial, original equipment manufacturer and consumer markets.
	['', 'inter connect cable', ' adapter ', 'high definition multimedia interface', '']
