UniPress Software
	Provider of software solutions for managing web-based help desk and support automation functions. The company also provides professional services such as consulting, support, and training.
	['', 'software solution', ' ', 'automation function', ' ', 'professional service', '']
IL&FS Transportation & Networks
	Developer of surface transport infrastructure projects. The company constructs and operates national and state highways, roads, flyovers and bridges, as well as metro rail, bus transportation and border entry points.
	['infrastructure ', 'infrastructure projects', ' transport ', 'surface transport infrastructure projects', '']
Solid Information Technology
	Provider of proprietary database products. The company also provides various consulting services, which include technical assessment, proof of concept and database and application migration services.
	['', 'database products', ' ', 'business consulting', ' ', 'application migration service', '']
E Team
	Provider of professional services and information management solutions. The company also provides services, such as assessments, pre-implementation prep, life-cycle implementations, post implementation support, mentoring/training, project insourcing, contingency staffing, human capital hiring, and contract to hire. In addition, it offers services, which include industry/technology advisory, projects services, project insourcing, component outsourcing, contingency staffing, customized training, human capital hiring, and contract to hire.
	['', 'professional service', ' ', 'information management solution', ' ', 'project insourcing', ' ', 'contingency staffing', '']
TellSell Consulting
	Operator of a sales-consulting company with a focus on the German market. The company specializes in new business development and models, sales consulting and optimization and customer processes.
	['', 'management consultancy', ' ', 'consulting firm', ' ', 'management advice', '']
SOFTLINE
	Provider of IT services. The company specializes in software licensing and provides a full range of IT services relating to training, consulting, technical and legal support, and IT outsourcing.
	['', 'IT services', ' ', 'IT training', ' ', 'Software licensing', '']
Control Group
	Provider of consulting, outsourcing and managed-services. The company offers services such as strategy, design, development, implementation and support. It specializes in technology services for architects, designers, publishers, financial, legal and professional services firms.
	['', 'on site support', ' ', 'remote support', ' CAD ', 'work flow service', ' ', 'IT outsourcing', '']
Tedopres International
	Provider of content management services and software for technical documentation. The company by means of systematic text analysis, efficient visualization, technical illustration and applied information management supports clients in managing all aspects of their information process. The company specializes in controlled authoring, technical translations, technical illustrations and software development.
	['', 'content management', ' ', 'technical documentation', ' ', 'technical translations', '']
NFi Studios
	Provider of web technology that connects member & industry communities. The company\'s technology provides professional networking for associations, builds relationships, drives businesses and connects members.
	['', 'web platform', ' ', 'member community', ' ', 'social technology', '']
Particle Programmatica
	Operator of a consulting company that specializes in web applications and marketing projects. The company provides professional services in concept work, visual design and technical implementation.
	['', 'web applications', ' ', 'professional services', ' ', 'marketing projects', '']
AD PathLabs
	Provider of infrastructure and technical services to the anatomic pathology community.
	['', 'anatomic pathology', ' ', 'pathology infrastructure', ' ', 'pathology technology', '']
RealLife HR
	Provider of outsourced benefits management automation services. The company provides a suite of Web-applications and professional services that facilitate employee benefits communication, enrollment and ongoing administration.
	['', 'benefit management', ' ', 'outsourcing automation management', ' ', 'employee enrollment management', ' ', 'benefits management', ' ', 'employee benefits', '']
Content Critical
	Provider of content management, transaction processing and custom middleware technologies. The company provides compliance messaging and reporting solutions, such as composition and rendering solutions for institutions that require distribution of compliance documents. It also provides professional services, such as programming and development, Web development, graphic design and prepress; production services, including digital print, wide format output, mailing and fulfillment, commercial print and binding and finishing; and online support and client services.
	['', 'compliance messaging', ' ', 'graphic design', ' ', 'digital printing', '']
