Umbria
	Provider of internet related research and marketing advice. The company collects the unsolicited opinions and perceptions of the online community like blogs, message boards, chats and turns it into actionable market research about companies, products, people and topics of interest.
	['', 'market research', ' ', 'marketing data', ' ', 'internet research', '']
BioMachines
	Provider of environmental monitoring software. The company provides sensor applications for the atmosphere, soil, plants, animals and water. It also provides environmental research.
	['', 'Agriculture development', ' ', 'environmental research', ' ', 'data acquisition', ' soil']
Polimetrix
	Developer of databases, infrastructure and analytics for politics and survey research. The company provides information product that collects responses and calculates BIX net metrics based on the responses. It also provides consulting, online survey and online qualitative services.
	['', 'survey research', ' ', 'politics research', ' ', 'online qualitative service', ' ', 'online polling', '']
Motilal Oswal Financial Services
	Provider of equity research services. The company provides market research, technical and derivative analysis and other research facilities for both institutional and retail investors in India.
	['brokerage ', 'equity research', ' ', 'market research', ' ', 'wealth management', ' ', 'retail broking', '']
Zapera.com
	Provider of market research services. The company offers online market research services in the Nordic countries.
	['', 'online market research', ' ', 'market research', ' ', 'market analysis', '']
MacroMill
	Provider of online application tool for market research. The company has an automatic online research system, which collects consumer response data on products and services provided by a variety of companies.
	['', 'market research', ' ', 'consumer response', ' ', 'online research', '']
Majestic Research
	Provider of data-driven equity research services. The company serves airlines, auto retail, casino, consumer technology, cruise lines, ecommerce, financial exchanges, homebuilders, and healthcare industries.
	['', 'equity research', ' ', 'financial research', ' ', 'market insight', '']
Knowledge Networks
	Provider of online research services for consumer products and services, pharmaceuticals, retail, media and public policy. The company offers the research process to their clients throughout to retail, healthcare, government, academic research, media, yellow pages research and financial services industries.
	['', 'promotion research', ' ', 'online research', ' ', 'consumer insights', ' ', 'media research', ' ', 'study designs', ' ', 'analytics', ' ', 'research', ' ', 'market research', '']
eThority
	Provider of research and consulting products that allow marketers and publishers to gain consumer insights and market intelligence. The company offers brand and issue monitoring and social media analysis.
	['', 'research product', ' ', 'consulting product', ' ', 'market intelligence', ' ', 'issue monitoring', ' ', 'social media analysis', '']
Napkin Labs
	Provider of online market research platform. The company provides crowdsourcing platform to get market research, insights and ideas from their social networks.
	['', 'market research', ' ', 'crowd sourcing', ' ', 'online lab', ' ', 'analytic dashboard', '']
Article One Partners
	Operator of a research community focused on intellectual property. The company leverages a crowd of more than 30,000 researchers to identify patents, non-patent literature and non-textual content to inform users\' IP-related business decisions.
	['', 'patent validity', ' ', 'patent quality', ' ', 'online research community', ' ', 'commercial services', '']
SurveyExecutives
	Provider of surveys for marketing research. The company provides decision maker research data and surveys.
	['', 'marketing research survey', ' ', 'research data', ' ', 'decision maker survey', '']
RWHD
	Provider of research services. The company engages in the research and development of pharmaceutical products.
	['', 'research services', ' ', 'research and development', ' ', 'pharmaceutical products', '']
Northern Light Technology
	Provider of an online research engine platform. The company engages in providing strategic research portals, market research tools, business research content and search technologies for the energy, financial services, transportation, retail and telecommunication sectors.
	['', 'research portal', ' ', 'content aggregation', ' ', 'search engine', '']
