AccuDraft
	Provider of business document automation services and online document production software. The company offers DocsEngine Portal, a contract lifecycle management system that transforms contracts into a set of business rules and publishes them to an online portal where various authorized users can create contracts by answering a series of questions.
	['', 'document automation', ' ', 'document production', ' ', 'contract lifecycle management', ' ', 'pension document', '']
GTESS
	Provider of healthcare claims processing service. The company\'s custom solutions edit and clean claims by automating specific, time and cost-intensive processes.
	['automation ', 'healthcare claims', '']
Synchris
	Provider of bid lifecycle management software for government contractors. The company provides virtual workspace software that integrates communication, collaboration, document management and workflow features into a unified application that integrates with the Microsoft desktop.
	['', 'bid lifecycle management software', ' ', 'virtual workspace software', ' ', 'document management', ' ', 'task order management', '']
Anodyne Health
	Provider of revenue cycle management software for healthcare providers. The company provides business intelligence software and outsourced billing services to large provider groups and hospital-based physician practices.
	['', 'revenue cycle management', ' ', 'revenue cycle', ' ', 'revenue management software', ' ', 'hospital billing', '']
Third Millennium Healthcare Systems
	Provider of revenue cycle management software. The company provides automate rejected or denied claims management, document imaging, claims tracking, workflow, document management, reporting and secondary claims processing.
	['', 'revenue cycle management', ' ', 'denied claim', ' ', 'document imaging', ' ', 'Productivity Software', '']
Laserdata
	Developer of a optical storage software. The company develops and markets document imaging and optical storage software for personal computer local area networks.
	['optical ', 'document imaging', ' storage']
GHN Online
	Developer of a revenue cycle management platform and clearinghouse focusing on the healthcare industry. The company serves the enterprise-class clientele through their intuitive web-based claims management solution during every stage of the electronic billing process.
	['', 'revenue cycle management', ' ', 'transaction processing', ' ', 'claims processing', '']
