Geneart
	Manufacturer of integrated system solutions for DNA engineering and processing. The company provides software and a robotics platform enabling DNA synthesis for the fermentation of recombinant proteins, combinatorial biology and vaccines.
	['DNA ', 'synthetic genes', ' fermentation ', 'biotechnology tools', '']
Roche NimbleGen
	Manufacturer and marketer of a proprietary suite of microarrays, related products and services for DNA sequencing. The company is focused on research activities and manufacturing target-enrichment probe pools for DNA sequencing. The company\'s Maskless Array Synthesis (MAS) technology permits the company to develop and manufacture custom high density, highly reproducible DNA arrays, which improve the quality and data yield of DNA chips.
	['', 'DNA chip', ' ', 'DNA array', ' ', 'reproducible DNA', ' microarray ', 'DNA sequencing', '']
AlphaHelix Molecular Diagnostics
	Developer of DNA chips for process analysis. The company uses its DNA chips for mutation detection of genes, gene marking in cancer and the development of new drugs.
	['', 'mutation detection', ' ', 'gene marking', ' ', 'DNA chips', ' DNA']
Ion Torrent Systems
	Developer of a DNA sequencing system. The company\'s system enables a direct connection between chemical and digital information.
	['', 'sequencing technology', ' ', 'digital information', ' ', 'DNA replication', '']
Intelligent Bio-Systems
	Developer of DNA sequencing systems.
	['', 'DNA sequencing', ' ', 'sequencing system', ' ', 'genome sequencing', '']
GenEncap
	Developer of DNA sequencing technology. The company provides DNA sequence information to life scientists, clinicians and individuals based on a proprietary and parallel implementation of Sanger sequencing.
	['sequencing ', 'sanger sequencing', ' ', 'sequencing technology', '']
Diffinity Genomics
	Developer of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) testing products. The company offers technologies that enable the development of single use disposable products for medical, industrial and research applications in DNA purification markets.
	['', 'DNA testing product', ' ', 'acid isolation', ' ', 'biotechnology company', '']
TwoF
	Developer of technology for genetic analysis assays. The company\'s technology platform Supramolecular NanoStamping is used for the production of DNA microarrays.
	['DNA microarrays ', 'DNA chip', '']
Mosaic Technologies
	Developer of DNA-based diagnostic products for the blood and plasma-screening, clinical testing research markets. The company develops Acrydite reagent and several associated chemistries for linking DNA probes to solid phases, such as beads, microtiter plates and slides-both glass and plastic. The company\'s product line, EZ-RAY, is a specialty coated glass microscope slide designed for the fabrication of DNA microarrays and also include kits, which contain coated printed slides and control reagents used to verify and calibrate array fabrication procedures.
	['', 'DNA amplification', ' ', 'microscope slide', ' microarrays ', 'control reagents', ' ', 'fabrication procedures', '']
Catapult Genetics
	Developer and provider of a Deoxyribonucleic Acid (DNA) testing services. The company provides commercializes livestock Deoxyribonucleic Acid (DNA) tests to improve meat production and quality to increase production efficiency both on-farm and in the value chain for global livestock and aquaculture industries.
	['', 'genetic testing', ' ', 'livestock testing', ' ', 'commercial breeder', '']
