Jolt Online Gaming
	Developer and publisher of free to play browser and social games. The company develops and publishes online games on website and social network sites.
	['', 'online game', ' ', 'browser game', ' ', 'social network game', '']
Playtomic
	Provider of analytics and services for casual and social games. The company\'s platform acts as an intelligence tool that offers deep insight into how different people play and offers actionable data for improving their performances.
	['', 'IT Services', '']
OVIVO Mobile Communication
	Provider of mobile network services. The company provides free calls, texts and data each month, without the need to top-up their account or provide a minimum monthly commitment in exchance of ads about products and services.
	['', 'mobile network', ' ', 'ads exchange', ' ', 'free calls', '']
Four11
	Provider of internet white pages directory service for locating email addresses. The company provides free online search and listing services.
	['', 'white pages', ' directory ', 'listing service', '']
Bulldog Entertainment Network
	Operator of a marketing and entertainment company. The company manufactures photo play products, creates photo play online tournaments and advertising. The company serves coin-operated amusements industry.
	['', 'photo play', ' ', 'amusement industry', ' advertising ', 'online tournaments', '']
Opzi
	Developer of social games. The company is the creator of games that can be played on iOS and Android devices. It is the creator of "Real Money Slots," a casino-style that can be played for actual money.
	['', 'Enterprise software', ' ', 'enterprise application', ' ', 'enterprise tool', ' ', 'IT solution', '']
Beeminder
	Provider of an online goal-setting tool. The company provides a free platform for users to set personal goals and to track their progress to attain them. The consequence of not staying on track is the user now has to commit to a small payment for the service.
	['', 'goal setting', ' ', 'personal health', ' ', 'goal tracking', '']
Socially Accepted Games
	Developer of social network games and gamification marketing services. The company creates social games as part of core marketing activities for brand owners, merchandisers/event promoters and labels/band managers.
	['gamification ', 'marketing technology', '']
Tista Games
	Developer of episodic games for gamer market. The company provides free to play, social games with a storyline and frictionless play.
	['', 'episodic game', ' ', 'social game', ' ', 'storyline game', ' ', 'frictionless game play', '']
Net Browser
	Provider of monitoring facility for critical applications. The company monitors applications through its plug and play system.
	['power fire ', 'security system', '']
Crowdpark
	Operator of a German game development studio. The company create video slots for the free-to-play and the online gambling market on multiple platforms including the web, mobile and Facebook.
	['', 'betting platform', ' ', 'online gambling', ' ', 'betting opportunity', '']
GuppyWorks
	Developer of online free to play social games. The company is best known for its social game GuppyLife, geared at teenage girls with the intention of the game helping them develop their social skills.  The game is also purposed to give young girls a safe online haven where they can take on and explore different roles in a 3D world.
	['', 'IT services', ' ', 'entertainment services', '']
ChessPark
	Provider of online chess community. The company covers how to manage friends list, play games, and participate in chat rooms. It serves audience of casual, club, and professional players.
	['', 'online chess', ' ', 'chess community', ' ', 'chess tournament', '']
