PlaySpan
	Provider of monetization solutions for online games, virtual worlds, and social networks. The company designs and develops virtual goods commerce and micro-payment platform for game publishers and developers.
	['', 'micropayment platform', ' ', 'micro-transaction platform', ' ', 'monetization solution', ' ', 'online game subscription', ' ', 'monetizing application', ' ', 'payment fraud prevention solution', ' ', 'alternate payment solution', ' ', 'pre-paid game card', ' ', 'social network payment solution', '']
Deskom
	Provider of an invoice management platform. The company provides a platform which allow organization in invoice accounting, internal invoice management and editing & maintenance of digital form of invoice.
	['', 'invoice management', ' ', 'invoice accounting', ' editing']
Yvolver
	Developer of a consumer-engagement platform for the gaming sector. The company develops a platform to increase retention, engagement and monetization for mobile game developers through loyalty techniques and predictive analytics.
	['', 'player engagement', ' ', 'user retention', ' ', 'mobile monetization', ' ', 'predictive analytics', ' ', 'mobile gaming', '']
5Rocks
	Provider of business intelligence tools for mobile gaming developers. The company develops and provides analytics and marketing automation tools for mobile game developers.
	['', 'mobile game', ' ', 'application developing tool', ' ', 'automation tool', '']
Applicasa
	Provider of a management platform for game developers. The company provides a platform for mobile-game developers that is designed to handle the backend elements of business, with a full hosting service and tools for device synchronization, user\'s registration, analytics and virtual currency.
	['', 'game developers', ' ', 'device synchronization', ' ', 'backend as a service', ' ', 'payment service', '']
AppCarousel Direct
	Provider of an application management platform for connected devices. The company provides a management platform for cars and fleets, smartphones, smart screens, tablets, and other connected devices to distribute, update, control and manage any kind of downloadable software or digital asset.
	['', 'mobile content', ' ', 'digital content distribution', ' ', 'connected device', ' ', 'application management platform', '']
Turf
	Provider of gaming application. The company provides a platform where the game is et in the real world where users hang out with friends, amass gold coins, and acquire goods and properties in a battle to tame surroundings. The company provides the users to spend coins earned to purchase virtual versions of the property, then enhance it with upgrades to increase its value, collecting more coins when others visit.
	['', 'gaming application', '']
Staq.io
	Developer of an analytics product for game management. The company offers an analytics product that helps game developers understand how to retain and monetize engaged players.
	['', 'analytics product', ' ', 'game developer', ' ', 'retain player', ' ', 'monetize player', ' ', 'game management', '']
Kontagent
	Provider of a hosted and on demand viral analytics platform for social network application developers. The company\'s social analytics and marketing automation platform enables casual game publishers and game developers to engineer viral growth and gain an understanding of the demographics of their user base.
	['', 'data pattern visualization', ' ', 'analytic platform', ' ', 'social graph', ' ', 'retention tracking', ' ', 'revenue tracking', ' ', 'application monitoring', '']
Z2
	Developer of multiplayer and social gaming platforms for mobile devices and wireless networks. The company’s platform enables game developers to implement subscription based services, such as game lobbies, leader boards, invites, push notifications, achievements, NAT traversal, text chat, voice chat and presence. It also provides marketing support and analytic services.
	['', 'social gaming platform', ' ', 'multiplayer gaming platform', ' ', 'game development', '']
Namaste Entertainment
	Provider of a platform for computer game developers. The company develops lets game developers add emotions and complex behaviors to game characters. It works alongside game studios to integrate a toolset into online games like MMORPGs.
	['', 'game application', ' ', 'role playing game', ' ', 'tablet game', '']
Swapit
	Developer of an online swapping & trading community for young people. The company offers members to earn virtual currency swapits for every item they swap and they can also earn swapits from responsible brands and organizations for activities such as visiting websites, product purchase, completing research surveys and eating healthy food at school.
	['', 'trading community', ' ', 'virtual currency', ' ', 'online swapping', '']
