Orchestream
	Provider of service activation and performance management software to global telecommunications network operators. The company\'s product, Orchestream Service Activator, enables managers of large scale Internet protocol and broadband networks to automate the configuration tasks associated with network management and service activation.
	['', 'performance management', ' ', 'global telecommunication', ' ', 'internet protocol', ' ', 'broadband network', '']
Mirror42
	Provider of information technology performance management services. The company provides a platform for customers to collect information from multiple IT management applications, analyze key performance indicators and metric trends.
	['', 'performance management', ' ', 'performance indicator', ' ', 'metric trend', '']
OutlookSoft
	Provider of performance management solution. The company\'s flagship solution, OutlookSoft 5, provides a single performance management platform for strategic planning, budgeting, forecasting, statutory consolidation, reporting, analysis, predictive analytics, scorecarding, and dashboards. It also delivers related consulting, training, implementation, and ongoing product/client support services.
	['', 'performance management solution', ' ', 'flagship solution', ' ', 'performance management platform', '']
Cartesis
	Provider of Business Performance Management (BPM) software. The company provides solutions in the field of financial consolidation and reporting, planning, budgeting and forecasting, management reporting and analysis and comprehensive business performance management.
	['', 'business software', ' ', 'financial software', ' ', 'information delivery', ' ', 'performance management', '']
Descant
	Provider of tools to quantify and benchmark the performance of companies using financial and market metrics. The company creates web application that makes it easy for businesses to manage and access financing and credit from a position of strength.
	['', 'performance benchmarking', ' ', 'financial analysis', ' ', 'performance measurement tool', '']
Workiva
	Provider of a cloud based software for external financial reporting to meet SEC reporting requirements. The company provides a software that streamlines the manual process to draft and file Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) reports including XBRL reporting process. It integrates word processing and spreadsheet functionality, EDGAR HTML conversion and XBRL mapping and tagging into a fully-integrated, end-to-end solution that helps SEC reporting teams meet reporting requirements for a range of regulatory filings.
	['', 'financial reporting', ' ', 'regulatory filing mapping', ' ', 'cloud software', '']
WorkSimple
	Provider of on demand enterprise messaging platform. The company provides an online goal communication and performance management solution that helps small and medium businesses to create an engaging and collaborative work environment. Its goal management platform for employees includes real-time goal management, 360-degree performance reviews, real-time commitment management, recognition, informal learning, workgroups, and employee profiles.
	['', 'messaging platform', ' ', 'online goal communication', ' ', 'performance management', ' ', 'management solution', ' ', 'management platform', ' ', 'employee profile', '']
Exony
	Provider of customer interaction performance management and optimization to enterprises and service providers internationally. The company offers VIM Performance, an integrated platform to drive productivity across various aspects of virtualized customer contact. It’s VIM Performance includes VIM Analytics, a single platform for day-to-day self-serve operational reporting and OLAP-based analytics to measure contact center performance, VIM Performance Management, which offers a closed loop performance management and process automation capability, VIM Resource Management, an application that allows business users to enhance the VCC’s performance without third-party training or assistance, VIM Service Management, which allows supervisors to change specific agent resources, VIM Mediator, which delivers deeper insight into business data by bringing together fact data from various data sources to enable sophisticated analytical reporting and VIM Virtualization Framework, which brings together distributed operations, management, infrastructure components and resource layers to provide scalability, security and collaboration required by distributed contact operations. It also provides insight, implementation, knowledge and support services.
	['', 'performance management', ' ', 'customer interaction', ' ', 'customer performance optimization', '']
AS-Groupe
	Provider of corporate performance management software. The company offers corporate planning, controlling, reporting, and services to various organizations.
	['', 'corporate software', ' ', 'corporate planning', ' ', 'software services', '']
NetQoS
	Developer of network performance management software and services for application delivery across IT networks. The company\'s products include NetQoS Performance Center, SuperAgent, ReporterAnalyzer, NetVoyant, Allocate, and GigaStor, which help IT organizations optimize their network infrastructure to deliver services to end users.
	['', 'network performance management', ' ', 'Information Technology', ' ', 'delivery management solution', '']
Ten Rivers Technologies
	Provider of contract performance management software solutions to business process outsourcing and business services companies.
	['', 'Contract Performance Management', ' ', 'software solutions', ' ', 'business process outsourcing', '']
Opsmatic
	Provider of tools for professional operations. The company\'s technology helps professionals to complete their tasks in a strategic manner thus keeping performance, deployments and downtime under check.
	['', 'professional operation', ' ', 'workflow software', ' ', 'performance management', '']
