Chip Xonio Online
	Provider information technology services. The company specializes in consumer technologies and also operates computer portal Chip Online.
	['', 'information technology', ' ', 'computer portal', '  ', 'Chip Online', ' telecommunications']
Elemental Holding
	Processor of metals from secondary sources in the non-ferrous scrap metal and electro-waste recycling markets. The company specializes in recycling and recovery of waste from non ferrous metals. The company supplies scrap to steel mills and non-ferrous foundries in Poland.
	['recycling ', 'electro-waste', ' ', 'non-ferrous metals', '']
Chakpak Media
	Provider of an information on Indian cinema. The company offers information on movies, film personalities, wallpapers, videos, news, discussion forums and quizzes.
	['', 'Indian cinema', ' ', 'movies information', ' ', 'movie personality', ' discussion']
Valorene
	Provider of recycling services. The company specializes in providing recovery and recycling services for waste materials to make recycled raw materials.
	['', 'recycling of waste materials', ' ', 'commercial service', ' ', 'recycling service', '']
Active Reasoning
	Provider of information technology controls automation software for information technology policy enforcement. The company’s solution collects data from the information technology infrastructure and change management system for validation, as well as detects and reconciles authorized changes, and uncovers the unauthorized changes and out-of-compliance activities that put the infrastructure at risk.
	['', 'automation software', ' ', 'policy enforcement', ' ', 'change management', ' ', 'compliance activity', '']
Intechra Group
	Provider of information technology, asset disposition, value recovery, and computer recycling services to businesses and governments. The company offers information technology asset disposition services, such as data security and computer re-marketing.
	['', 'information technology asset disposition', ' ', 'value recovery', ' ', 'computer recycling', ' ', 'data security', ' recycling ', 'asset disposition', '']
BVfon Telecommunications
	Provider of telecommunication and payment applications for detention facilities. The company offers an information technology and communication system for handling and monitoring prisoners telephone conversations and retail shop payment system.
	['', 'telecommunication network', ' ', 'payment application', ' ', 'detention facility', '']
Maxima Holdings
	Provider of information- technology consulting, including infrastructure and managed services. The company provides systems integration and managed services to support clients over the full lifecycle of their IT investments.
	['', 'business software', ' ', 'software consulting', ' ', 'system integration', '']
Apsylog
	Provider of IT asset-management software. The company provides a decision-support software platform that manages the IT asset lifecycle, from asset acquisition through asset deployment and tracking, to retirement.
	['', 'asset management', ' ', 'asset management software', ' ', 'network management', '']
NxN Digital Entertainment
	Provider of asset and production management systems. The company provides digital asset and production management solutions for the computer graphics and digital entertainment industries.
	['', 'production management system', ' ', 'computer graphic', ' ', 'digital entertainment', '']
Ontrack Systems
	Provider of an information technology services. The company provides information technology enable services like Net Asset Value(NAV) and Enterprise resource planning(ERP) platform, enterprise business platform, information technology infrastructure management platform and consultancy services.
	['', 'enterprise resource planning', ' ', 'database software', ' ', 'technology enable service', '']
CenterBeam
	Provider of information technology services. The company offers mid sized businesses with enterprise class  information technology management, services and support.
	['', 'infrastructure management', ' ', 'patch management', ' ', 'software distribution', ' ', 'server management', '']
Ansible
	Provider of information technology software platform. The company offers information technology orchestration platform designed to make applications and systems easier to deploy. It also enables its users to automate in simpler code and to install on remote systems without the help of any agent.
	['', 'configuration management', ' ', 'software deployment', ' ', 'systems orchestration', '']
DirectPointe
	Provider of information technology (IT) outsourcing and managed services for customers in the United States. The company offers desktop management, server, network, print, cloud computing, desktop virtualization, information technology helpdesk support, hosted exchange, monitoring, asset management and automated backup services.
	['', 'information technology service', ' ', 'desktop management', ' ', 'automated backup service', '']
Illumix Software
	Developer of information technology services. The company\'s software helps in IT asset management, application profiling, capacity planning, network consolidation and data center rationalization. It enables organizations to make informed decisions on IT strategy and investment. It also focuses on the business value of IT to maintain IT infrastructure.
	['', 'asset management', ' ', 'cost analysis', ' ', 'network consolidation', ' ', 'data center rationalization', ' ', 'application profiling', ' ', 'asset discovery', ' ', 'IT strategy', '']
Protie
	Provider of information technology enabled services. The company provides outsourcing, hosting and architecture services primarily to Finnish corporations.
	['', 'network services', ' hosting virtualization']
