Advasense Technologies
	Developer of image sensor technologies. The company offers technologies used in improving the image quality of cameras used in mobile applications.
	['', 'CMOS image sensor', ' CMOS ', 'image sensor', '']
Foveon
	Developer of an image sensor technology for digital capture products. The company offers pixel image sensors; and direct image sensors that captures color in three layers. It also serves prosumer, amateur and consumer markets and its core product is Foveon X3 which is a direct image sensor.
	['', 'image sensor technology', ' pixel ', 'digital capture', ' camera']
Nx Networks
	Provider of network switching products for enterprise networks. The company\'s products unify voice, data and image applications. The company focuses on networking technologies, combining circuit and packet transmission with T1 multiplexing on a single platform.
	['', 'network products', ' switch ', 'image application', '']
Reppler
	Provider of social media monitoring service. The company designs and manage online image across different social networks.
	['', 'media monitoring', ' ', 'image management', ' ', 'image designing', '']
FiltrBox
	Provider of social media monitoring platform for marketers, PR professionals, brand managers and customer service teams. The company\'s services include Filtrbox G2 that delivers critical market intelligence to executives, sales professionals, investors, and marketers, as well as discovers new articles in a range of online sources and delivers a daily list of qualified results based on client’s business logic.
	['', 'social media monitoring platform', ' ', 'market monitor', ' ', 'social media monitoring', '']
UltraVisual Medical Systems
	Developer of medical image distribution and visualization software. The company offers visualization technologies for use in primary diagnosis, clinical review and image distribution applications in hospitals, imaging centers and private radiology practices with comprehensive image management needs.
	['', 'medical image distribution', ' ', 'medical image', ' ', 'visualization software', '']
OculusAI
	Provider of image validation services. The company develops software for automatic face detection and face recognition in images and video.
	['', 'image verification', ' ', 'image validation', ' ', 'image software', ' ', 'Vertical Market Software', ' image']
Engagor
	Provider of an online platform for real-time customer engagement, social media monitoring and analytics. The company provides an online tool for medium-sized and large companies to monitor everything said about their brand and their industry in general.
	['', 'social media monitoring', ' ', 'online reporting', ' ', 'customer engagement', ' ', 'media montoring', ' ', 'social media dashboard', '']
Flashfoto
	Developer of image workflow automation and other multimedia software. The company specializes in services including image workflow automation, entertainment, advertising, marketing and transmedia experiences.
	['', 'image workflow automation', ' ', 'multimedia software', ' ', 'media application', '']
BuzzNumbers
	Provider of a social media monitoring platform. The company provides media monitoring, reporting, coaching and insights to organizations.
	['', 'social media monitoring', ' ', 'media monitoring', ' ', 'media analytics', '']
