Blue H Group Technologies
	Developer of deep water floating platform technology for offshore wind turbines. The company develops a product that takes wind as a primary resource and converts it into energy. Its floating platform is designed to unlock the vast potential of offshore wind at an economical cost of electricity.
	['', 'wind turbine', ' ', 'wind electricity', ' ', 'energy infrastructure', '']
Windcoat group
	Producer of wind turbines. The company is engaged in the design and manufacture of wind turbines in Norway.
	['', 'wind turbine', ' ', 'wind turbine manufacturer', '']
Nordic Windpower
	Provider of wind turbines to wind farm developers and community wind projects in the United States and internationally.
	['', 'wind turbine', ' ', 'renewable energy', ' ', 'wind farm development', ' ', 'energy generation', '']
ChapDrive
	Provider of gearless technology for wind turbines. The company develops drive train services for wind turbines that enables lower weight in the nacelle, simplifies installation and reduces operation and maintenance cost. It also engages in developing hydraulic transmission for wind turbines.
	['', 'wind turbine machinery', ' ', 'hydraulic transmission technology', ' windmill']
Proven Energy
	Manufacturer and supplier of small-scale wind turbines. The company designs, manufactures and markets wind turbines ranging from 2.5 kilowatts to 15kw. The company\'s turbines are designed for an array of applications, from domestic to offshore.
	['', 'wind turbine', ' ', 'affordable renewable energy', ' ', 'domestic turbine', '']
Wind & Sail Energy
	Provider of wind-turbine technology. The company\'s technology helps in solving problems associated with propeller-driven turbines.
	['', 'energy services', '']
Goldwind Science & Technology
	Manufacturer of wind turbines. The company specializes in large megawatt wind turbine research, development and manufacturing of total wind energy services and wind farm investment management.
	['', 'wind turbines', ' ', 'wind energy', ' ', 'wind farm', '']
LuciaWind
	Operator and owner of wind farms. The company engages in the production of electric power generation through wind energy.
	['', 'wind farms', ' electricity']
IQwind
	Developer of gearbox technology for wind turbine applications. The company develops and commercializes a variable speed turbine which increases power generation efficiency and drive train reliability through reduction of loads.
	['', 'gearbox technology', ' ', 'power generation', ' ', 'variable speed turbine', '']
Angle Wind
	Developer of mechanical gearbox and drive train for wind turbines. The company develops eccentric gearboxes and drivetrain technology for offshore and onshore wind turbines.
	['', 'wind turbines', ' gearbox ', 'drive train', '']
Blade Dynamics
	Manufacturer of wind turbine rotors, blade components and surface coatings. The company\'s technology enables blades longer than 90 meters that will enable the next generation of turbines, such as the Sea Titan.
	['', 'wind turbine rotor', ' ', 'blade component', ' ', 'surface coating', ' ', 'wind turbine', '']
Viryd Technologies
	Developer and distributor of power generating turbines and windmills for the wind industry. The company offers drivetrains for residential and commercial wind systems, as well as energy management systems and developer kits. It also provides engineering services, including design, bench, and field testing services.
	['', 'power generating turbine', ' ', 'renewable energy', ' ', 'commercial wind system', '']
Windspire Energy
	Provider of renewable wind power appliances to residential, business, and government customers. The company produces Windspire, a plug-n-produce wind power appliance that helps in harnessing power from the wind. It uses vertical turbine technology to harness wind energy.
	['', 'alternative energy', ' ', 'clean tech', ' ', 'turbine technology', '']
