LogLogic
	Developer of log data management and security event management solutions for the business operations of enterprises and mid-market companies in the United States and internationally. The company’s LX-ST and MX appliances enable customers to log data from firewalls, routers, servers, applications, operating systems, and devices to be automatically collected, stored, reported, and alerted for compliance, risk mitigation, security, performance management, virtualization, and user monitoring. Its solutions also include LogLogic MX Virtual that provides enterprise-grade IT data collection, search, and storage solutions, as well as customizable alerts and reports covering identity and access management, user activity, network changes, security, business continuity, and IT performance; Enterprise Virtual Appliance, a software-based appliance that delivers on-demand and scheduled network reports for cloud deployments and virtualized data centers; and LogLogic Compliance Manager, which provides users with an executive view into an enterprise\'s compliance posture. It also provides customer support, consultation, implementation, training, and integration services. Its open log management and database activity monitoring solutions provide tools for customers to monitor activities that occur in networks, applications, databases, and servers. It serves telecommunications, technology, pharmaceutical, retail, petroleum, commercial banks, aerospace and defense, insurance, and healthcare companies.
	['', 'log data management', ' ', 'security event management', ' ', 'risk mitigation', ' ', 'performance management', ' ', 'data collection', ' ', 'storage solution', ' ', 'activity monitoring', '']
NewRiver
	Provider of innovative technology solutions that simplify investor disclosure, transparency and cost savings to the delivery of fund data and investor communications. The company pioneered the first electronic prospectus, and guarantee its data to be "compliance grade" which allows customers to reduce risk, lower compliance costs and increase revenues.
	['compliance ', 'summary prospectus', ' ', 'share class analysis', '']
Peminic
	Developer of healthcare IT workflow and process management software. The company offers integrated software solutions for patient safety and quality, patient relations, risk management, and legal services. Its solutions include incident manager, root cause analysis manager, patient relations manager, peer review manager, claims manager, legal matter manager, employee health manager, contract manager, compliance manager, infection control manager, performance improvement manager, and quality outcomes manager, as well as patient safety organization solutions.
	['', 'IT workflow', ' ', 'process management software', ' ', 'integrated software solution', ' ', 'cause analysis manager', ' ', 'healthcare solution', '']
ID Analytics
	Provider of identity risk and fraud management services in the United States. The company offers ID Score–Risk, which delivers on-demand identity intelligence across various points of customer contact, including online, call centers, mail and in-store interactions, ID Score–Action, which calculates an identity risk score, ID Score–Revenue that enables customer management decisions, ID Analytics for Compliance, a regulatory compliance solution that uses on-demand identity intelligence to support business processes and ID Analytics for Data Defense, which detects organized misuse of personal information due to lost hard drives, stolen laptops or illicit behavior by internal or external parties.
	['', 'fraud management', ' ', 'on demand identity', ' ', 'identity risk score', ' ', 'identity intelligence', ' ', 'identity fraud', ' ', 'identity protection', ' ', 'regulatory compliance', ' ', 'customer management decisions', '']
Qubera Solutions
	Provider and designer of technology services for solving business related problems. The company offers technical expertise and strategic partnerships in the ares of identity and access management, governance, risk and compliance, directory and data services and portal and content management.
	['', 'access management', ' ', 'risk analysis', ' ', 'content management', '']
SenSage
	Provider of enterprise event data warehouse technology for security, compliance, call detail records data retention, data retrieval and systems management. The company offers enterprise security analytics software that provides a log management platform, for event collection, retention and analysis to automate compliance reporting, investigation and security decision support processes.
	['', 'data warehouse', ' ', 'log management platform', ' ', 'data management architecture', ' ', 'log management', ' ', 'system management', ' ', 'security process', ' ', 'compliance reporting', '']
